U.S. Sees `Much Work' to Revising South Korea Free-Trade Pact - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg U.S. Sees `Much Work' to Revising South Korea Free-Trade Pact By Heejin Kim More stories by Heejin Kim and Kim Chipman @KimChipman1 More stories by Kim Chipman January 5, 2018, 11:39 PM EST Trump administration seeks to narrow widening trade deficit Negotiations complicate ties with key ally against North Korea Officials from the U.S. and South Korea said further talks were needed to revise their free-trade pact, a negotiation straining ties between the allies as they grapple with Kim Jong Un’s growing nuclear-weapons threat. The U.S. presented proposals to improve auto exports and lift trade barriers during a meeting with South Korea counterparts Friday in Washington, Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said in a statement. While both sides agreed to hold more talks soon, South Korea’s top negotiator, Yoo Myung-hee, said afterward that “the negotiation is not easy,” according to Yonhap News. “We have much work to do to reach an agreement that serves the economic interests of the American people,” Lighthizer said. “We must achieve fair and reciprocal trade between our two nations.” U.S. President Donald Trump, who has abandoned or reopened trade talks with numerous nations since taking office last year, has blamed the five-year-old pact known as Korus for doubling America’s trade deficit with South Korea. He has pressed ahead with efforts to revise the deal, even while seeking solidarity from President Moon Jae-in against North Korea’s nuclear provocations. Five Years of Korus U.S. exports to South Korea have barely grown and the deficit has surged under the pact Note: The free-trade agreement, known as Korus, took effect in 2012. Data include goods and services. Source: U.S. Commerce Department The talks Friday represented the first round of Korus negotiations since the U.S. in July invoked a clause in the accord that enables either side to seek amendments. South Korea “responded actively” to the U.S. while proposing its own changes to investor-state dispute settlement rules and trade remedies, the country’s trade ministry said in a statement, without giving details. So far, Trump hasn’t notified lawmakers that he plans to seek their approval under a law that gives the president authority to “fast track” trade deals through Congress. Since Trump wasn’t seeking congressional approval, the U.S. would probably propose narrow changes to the agreement, such as amendments to tariffs or the rules of origin that set content requirements for products, said Troy Stangarone, senior director of congressional affairs and trade at the Korea Economic Institute of America in Washington. Stangarone said trade in autos was likely to be a major focus of talks, given the U.S.’s $18.8 billion vehicle trade gap with South Korea. Narrower Deficit The U.S. overall deficit in goods with South Korea narrowed to $21.6 billion in the 11 months through November, down 18 percent from the same period a year earlier, according to U.S. data released Friday. The U.S. is South Korea’s second-largest trading partner and the push to alter the deal comes at a difficult time for Seoul. Thwarting the risk from North Korea has risen in prominence on Trump’s agenda since he took office, and overshadowed trade during his November trip to Asia. In South Korea, he discussed both topics in a meeting with Moon. “South Korea will probably take a defensive stance during the negotiations to minimize changes to the deal, whereas the U.S. may ask for changes in areas spanning manufacturing goods to agriculture and services,” said Heo Yoon, a professor at Sogang University and president of the Korean Association of Trade and Industry Studies. The Korus talks don’t appear to be a priority for the Trump administration, which is also seeking an ambitious overhaul of the North American Free-Trade Agreement and changes to its economic relationship with China, said Matthew Goodman, a senior adviser for Asian economics at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “Korus could be the sacrificial lamb to show toughness on trade generally, because the Trump administration is going to face a lot more backlash from the U.S. business community, the U.S. agriculture community if for example they walk away from Nafta or do something really radical on China,” Goodman said. — With assistance by Andrew Mayeda, Randy Woods, and Jiyeun Lee Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help