Megamergers Carry Even Greater Risks Than Usual - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Gadfly Warning: Risky Megamergers Ahead The Trump factor adds more uncertainty about whether the deals get done, plus there's a lot more potential downside if they don't. By Tara Lachapelle @taralach More stories by Tara Lachapelle January 5, 2018, 1:37 PM EST From Photographer: Jamie Squire/Getty Images Somewhere between the squabble over whose "nuclear button" is bigger, the "bomb cyclone" and the fire and fury surrounding a tell-all book on the Trump presidency, this week delivered an important lesson for Wall Street about the messy, fickle times in which we're all living. Investors in 21st Century Fox Inc., Aetna Inc., Time Warner Inc. and their megadealing ilk might want to pay attention.  A puny corporate takeover that few people beyond billionaire Jack Ma cared much about was just served a death blow by the Trump administration. The damage is pretty much confined to MoneyGram International Inc. shareholders (more than 20 percent of which are hedge funds). But the deal's undoing speaks volumes about the amplified risk in betting on transactions that are being kicked up to various government regulatory bodies under Trump -- especially high-profile, super-sized ones like Walt Disney Co.'s $66 billion offer to buy most of Fox and CVS Health Corp.'s $77 billion deal for Aetna. Bad Bet Investors bid up the price of MoneyGram in anticipation of a sale to China's Jack Ma, but suffered big losses as the stock sank 34% amid pushback from the Trump administration Data: Bloomberg; graphic by Bloomberg Gadfly Wagering on the outcome of mergers has always required a strong stomach, but under previous administrations there were at least some generally accepted guidelines when it came to regulatory matters. For example, reducing an industry from four to three competitors is probably a no-no, and we can't be selling national security assets to, say, China. Ma and his Ant Financial hail from China, but their takeover target, Dallas-based MoneyGram, is just a small money-transfer business popular among working-class immigrants. Even though MoneyGram -- like all financial services -- does possess sensitive user data, it didn't stand out as the type of target that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. would have traditionally preoccupied itself with. So what's changed? For one, cybersecurity has become a hot issue. But it's also hard not to notice how CFIUS's profile has been raised amid Trump's more nationalistic and protectionist views and that China has been a particular sore spot for him -- points I noted last March in cautioning traders lured by the MoneyGram bidding war. It just goes to show that conventional wisdom around M&A no longer holds true for many reasons, geopolitical and otherwise. And Ma's efforts to build goodwill with Trump didn't aid his dealmaking. It hasn't helped AT&T Inc.'s Randall Stephenson either.  Beyond Trump's unpredictability, it's difficult to untangle what is deserved scrutiny by his staff of regulators and what some believe could be influenced by his own ax-grinding. This has been part of the criticism of the Justice Department's suit to block AT&T's $109 billion takeover of Time Warner, which has plunged 11 percent since early October. While I do feel the transaction warrants a close look given the consolidation of power that may hurt consumers, I can't say I know for sure that that's the government's motive. Deal or No Deal? Time Warner is trading about 14% below its takeover price and almost as if there is no deal, while AT&T's stock -- which makes up part of its offer -- has also been quite volatile Data: Bloomberg; graphic by Bloomberg Gadfly Either way, AT&T-Time Warner points to another belief that no longer holds true -- that "vertical" mergers are O.K. because the number of competitors isn't changing. As media consumption turns more digital, the industry is becoming more complex. The same can be said for health care, where you now have CVS, a giant on the pharmacy side, trying to swallow one of the country's biggest insurers. And yet somehow Amazon.com Inc. was able to scoop up Whole Foods Market without regulators batting an eye. Keep in mind that with transactions as large as these, it's not just merger arbitrageurs and hedge funds who are gambling. These deals are shaping the futures of the companies involved and their respective industries, and what's true for all of them is that they are trying to plug some shortcoming. It shows that these acquisitions are more of a necessity than simply nice to have. So even with the stocks trading at wide spreads to account for some risk that the deals collapse, the downside could still be large and quite painful for both the buyers and sellers.  Don't Count Your Chickens Some analysts say investors are too pessimistic about the Disney-Fox merger and that the spread is too wide. But if it were to fall apart, shares of both companies would likely tumble: Data: Bloomberg; graphic by Bloomberg Gadfly Take this as a note of caution. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help