Bloomberg Tradebook | Bloomberg Professional Services Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Quick links Bloomberg Terminal Software Updates MiFID II Bloomberg Professional Services Solutions Buy Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Financial Advisor Portfolio Manager Quantitative Analyst Risk Technologists Buy Side Trader Sell Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Risk Sell Side Sales Technologists Sell Side Trader Corporations C-Suite Investor Relations Treasury Offerings Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Spotlight on Technology Family Offices Government Hedge Funds Private Equity Regulation Sustainable Finance Universities Insights Features Top Stories Brexit MiFID II Markets Commodities Derivatives Emerging Markets Equities Fixed Income Foreign Exchange Indices Trading / Investing Family Offices Hedge Funds Portfolio Management Private Equity Research and Analysis Sales and Trading Sustainable Investing Risk / Regulation Compliance Credit / Counterparty Risk Market Risk Operational Risk Pricing Regulation Data / Tech Ops Apps and Programming Data Governance Data Management Data Science Integration Corporations Corporate Treasury Investor Relations Support Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Enterprise Console Entity Exchange Request a demo Close Search Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo [bbg_form id="60955"] About the Company Tradebook Bloomberg Professional Services Optimize execution Bloomberg Tradebook is a leading agency broker that offers trading solutions for equities, options and futures to actively manage complex trading strategies in more than 100 global exchanges. We provide clients with a single platform that uses quantitative data models and analytic-driven selection to route orders to a suite of destinations, empowering traders to optimize execution and drive down implicit costs. We partner with you to understand your business and demonstrate how our fully-integrated solutions can help you cut costs, increase efficiencies, work faster and manage risk. Equity Access more than 65 primary exchanges, 20 alternative trading venues and 40 dark pools and crossing networks. Our advanced strategies help clients implement complex trades while seeking the greatest liquidity — both lit and dark — with minimal market impact. Key Features Pre- and in-trade strategy recommendations based on quantitative models, statistics and order and market conditions through STAZ. Best-in-class benchmark algorithms derived from a series of counterparty algorithms that are optimally chosen based on order, market and broker characteristics and that dynamically re-route between different suites of algorithms as market conditions change. Proprietary strategies such as B-Dark®, B-Smart® and ETF RFQ that aim to maximize opportunities to capture liquidity. Pair platform with 16 relative value and arbitrage strategies that allow you to trade relative to an index, equity, another asset class or an equity against a basket. Access through Bloomberg Tradebook’s proprietary front end as well as all major third-party EMS/OMS. Bloomberg Tradebook Charity Day Options Trade single-leg and multi-leg option strategies using advanced analytics and market-leading algorithms. Tradebook’s single-leg, multi-leg, and PAIR trading for listed U.S. options is integrated with the Bloomberg Terminal options monitor (OMON) and is centralized in one function and ticket for a faster, more intuitive workflow. Key Features Trade anonymously with all U.S. options exchanges. Capture the liquidity from 12 options exchanges and more than 40 equity exchanges simultaneously. Broad suite of algorithms, including spread trading, volume participation and economic indicator–linked orders. Dynamic delta and vol strategies that automate the execution of delta-neutral trading and provide more control and transparency through comprehensive risk management tools. Futures Trade simple or complex futures strategies as well as contingent/algorithmic strategies in global futures exchanges. Bloomberg Tradebook’s turnkey network solution allows you to access more than 35 trading venues via your own membership or through sponsored access. All algorithmic, synthetic and complex order functionality is available for all markets and membership configurations for your trading desk. Key Features Access 35 futures exchanges with 50+ brokers from a single platform. Quick and easy spread trading. Multi-broker access. Flexible workflows and robust FIX infrastructure. Fixed income Bloomberg Tradebook’s fixed income platform provides fully-managed hosting, direct market access and turnkey activation integrated with both the Bloomberg Terminal and various order management systems. A fully customizable TradePad allows for quick interaction with the markets. Extract liquidity intelligently from multiple liquidity providers using the co-located SOR. The Global Fixed Income (GFI) monitor streamlines your trading experience by integrating strategy analysis and trade execution. Key Features DMA and algorithms for BTEC and ESpeed and 35+ futures exchanges globally. Integrated cross-market and cross-exchange spread capabilities. Consistent trading experience between fixed income and futures asset classes. Integrated into Bloomberg OMS, TOMS/ETOMS. Intelligent liquidity extraction using configurable routing. How we help our clients Trade and Order Management Solutions (TOMS) Value-added services Take advantage of a world-class suite of support services to keep you ahead. Key Features Full-service Execution Consulting — leverage our team of global execution consultants to implement and monitor strategies 24/6. Commission Management Services — intelligently manage research payments directly from your Bloomberg Terminal. Order API — Spreadsheet trading through an Order API enables you to send orders right from your desktop model. How we help our clients Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook compliance documentation. Review and download We've got you covered. Buy Side Sell Side Corporations Private Equity Government Universities Insights Optimal closing price trading strategy Portfolio Management Dynamically seek execution quality for options spread strategies Options spread strategies account for nearly half the daily volume in the U.S. options market. Sales and Trading What to expect from the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect on the Hong Kong volume profile As of December 5, 2016, investors in China can trade stocks in Hong Kong through the new Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect (SZSE-HK Connect) Equities Benchmark the closing auction price part II: A balance between market impact and tracking error While executing all shares in the closing auction can guarantee the closing price, a large order can lead to significant market impact. Sales and Trading Intelligently allocate to benchmark the closing price - Part I The closing auction is one of the biggest liquidity events in global equity markets. Sales and Trading ON THIS PAGE Optimize execution Equity Options Futures Fixed income Value-added services Compliance documentation Insights Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Entity Exchange Bloomberg LEI Regions Brazil China India Japan Korea Latin America Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo Get insights delivered to your inbox Email SUBMIT Sending... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms Tradebook Compliance Company Press Careers