Blog - Bloomberg L.P Diversity & Inclusion Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Menu Blog Connect Twitter Facebook LinkedIn About Bloomberg Search Diversity And Inclusion Search for: Blog Topics RSS All Diversity How to be an active ally in the workplace January 4, 2018 From the drive and creativity common in bipolar people to the unique outlook and experiences of LGBT employees, diversity often confers gifts as well as challenges. How Asia’s finance industry is leading the fight for LGBTIQ rights December 13, 2017 The finance industry is not typically known for diversity and inclusion, and top finance executives still tend to be white, straight and male – even in Hong Kong. However, things are changing. New research: Diversity + inclusion = Better decision making at work December 12, 2017 Every day there are more headlines about the challenges of workforce diversity. But there is a way to make change happen faster. Companies can capitalize on the diversity they already have by including more diverse employees in business decisions at all levels. Why workplace diversity diminishes groupthink and how millennials are helping December 6, 2017 Groupthink is a natural human bias that can infect any organization—unless there’s enough diversity within the group to counterbalance its effects. Celebrating the awakening of black consciousness in Brazil November 20, 2017 In honor of Black Consciousness Day, world renowned Brazilian artist Ananda Nahu created original artwork for Bloomberg capturing the layers of the rich message this day represents. Hiring quotas seen as one option to help womenomics in Japan November 13, 2017 Mandatory quotas for hiring and promoting women are options Japan could consider to take its “womenomics” push to the next level, according to the social policy chief at the OECD. Workers’ trash-talk goes down when leadership diversity goes up November 9, 2017 As part of an effort to stamp out prejudice at work — and its legal consequences — companies have invested lots of time and money training managers to be more sensitive, less biased and more culturally aware. 10 Tips for unlocking the talent and potential of employees with disabilities October 31, 2017 One of the most tangible benefits of embracing diversity and inclusion is a company’s ability to attract a broader pool of qualified talent. However, a significant opportunity exists for organizations to tap into a large pool of people with disabilities. The beautiful side of disability October 31, 2017 When asked to think about diversity, most people tend to think about race and gender. One type of “underrepresented minority” that is often overlooked – in spite of often being as visible as gender or skin color – are the individuals living with genetic, physical, behavioral or intellectual differences. Power 100 Q&A: Erika Irish Brown October 31, 2017 Worth spoke with Bloomberg’s Global Head of Diversity and Inclusion, Erika Irish Brown, the 98th most powerful person in finance. Load more Twitter LinkedIn Facebook © 2018 Bloomberg L.P. All rights Reserved | Privacy | Terms