Shkreli Lawyer Facing Prison Hears Juror Inform Judge of Doubts - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Shkreli Lawyer Facing Prison Hears Juror Inform Judge of Doubts By Christie Smythe @ChristieSmythe More stories by Christie Smythe January 5, 2018, 5:27 PM EST Judge asks questions in secret after call to her clerk Defense says panel read coverage of Shkreli’s Wu-Tang album Attorney Evan Greebel exits federal court in New York, on Dec. 17, 2015. Photographer: John Taggart/Bloomberg Last month 12 jurors said they found enough evidence to convict lawyer Evan Greebel of conspiring with Martin Shkreli in fraud schemes. By the next day, one member of the panel had second thoughts. A federal judge in Brooklyn, New York, must decide whether the juror’s doubts are enough to reopen the case. The unidentified juror said that he "wanted to look at more evidence" during deliberations, said U.S. District Judge Kiyo Matsumoto, relaying details of the Dec. 28 discussion between the juror and the judge’s clerk. But other members of the panel told the juror they "would have him removed" if he pressed his request, she said. The details of the juror’s call were made public on Friday as defense lawyers raised allegations of misconduct during deliberations in the trial of Greebel, a former corporate lawyer who advised Shkreli’s companies. The juror was questioned in secret by the judge on Friday with only Greebel, his lawyers and prosecutors present.  Matsumoto’s findings weren’t made public and a transcript of the discussion was sealed. Shkreli’s Ex-Lawyer Convicted of Aiding Him in Fraud Schemes The judge cautioned that verdicts can only be called into question for juror misconduct in extreme cases, such as when violence is threatened. If there is severe misconduct, a verdict could be thrown out. The misconduct allegations may lead Greebel’s lawyers to seek a new trial or provide them with a basis for an appeal. Several jurors read coverage about Shkreli during the trial, possibly influencing their decision, Greebel’s lawyers said. Another juror was dismissed after she was found to have posted comments about the case on an Instagram account. "We know the jurors read media reports," Joshua Dubin, a lawyer for Greebel, told the judge Friday. "Just because they gave up 10 weeks of their lives doesn’t mean they can thumb their nose at the court." Lawyers for Greebel previously expressed concerns that jurors could be biased against their client because of his association with Shkreli, who was convicted of fraud and conspiracy in August after a separate trial. Shkreli became a target of widespread public outrage for aggressive drug pricing tactics in 2015. He inflamed public opinion further with brash comments and social media stunts. Although he has been jailed since September, Shkreli has continued to make headlines. Dubin told reporters after the hearing that jurors had read news about prosecutors potentially seizing a one-of-a-kind album by New York rap group the Wu-Tang Clan, which Shkreli bought in 2015 for $2 million, making it the most expensive musical work ever sold. "Several jurors had read those reports and failed to report those things to the court," Dubin said. Shkreli Lawyer, on Trial Himself, Seeks Distance From Shkreli Dubin declined to comment on what the judge said under seal, but added that lawyers would continue probing the misconduct allegations. "We do intend to speak to other jurors and find out what happened," Dubin said. The case is U.S. v. Shkreli, 15-cr-637, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of New York (Brooklyn). Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help