Fed’s Patrick Harker Sees Two Rate Hikes in 2018 - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Fed’s Patrick Harker Sees Two Rate Hikes in 2018 By Jeanna Smialek @jeannasmialek More stories by Jeanna Smialek , Christopher Condon @chrisjcondon More stories by Christopher Condon , and Steve Matthews @SteveMatthews12 More stories by Steve Matthews January 5, 2018, 2:52 PM EST Other Fed officials also discuss outlook, impact of tax cuts Bullard says tax cut could ‘light a fire’ under investment Fed's Bullard Sees Chance Tax Cuts Drive Growth The U.S. central bank should take its time before raising interest rates again to avoid inverting the yield curve and because inflation is still low, said Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia President Patrick Harker. In remarks Friday during the annual meeting of the American Economic Association in Philadelphia, Harker also revealed a dovish rate call for 2018: two hikes instead of the median estimate of three forecast by Fed officials in quarterly estimates last month. “I want to be slow and steady with any additional rate increases,” he told reporters. “At this point, I don’t think we should do anything that would precipitate any inversion of the yield curve, or other things.” U.S. central bankers are trying to strike a balance between a hot labor market that’s driven unemployment to the lowest level since 2000, and weak inflation which remains under their 2 percent target and has for most of the last five years. They raised rates in December and discussed what a flatter yield curve meant for the economy, with some arguing it had traditionally heralded a recession and shouldn’t be ignored. Officials also lifted their 2018 estimates for growth in anticipation of a short-term boost from U.S. tax reform, signed into law by President Donald Trump a few days later. Harker, who doesn’t vote on monetary policy this year, said he didn’t expect the $1.5 trillion package of tax cuts to have a large impact on economic growth. His St. Louis Fed colleague, James Bullard, took a more optimistic view. Speaking earlier, Bullard said that while he was still expecting growth to slow a little this year after coming in around 2.5 percent in 2017, he would not be surprised if the tax reforms yielded a longer-term payoff. “There is some possibility this could light a fire under investment and really drive growth higher,” Bullard, a policy dove who has argued against raising rates, said in an interview on Bloomberg Television with Michael McKee. “I have some sympathy for this idea you would get this investment boom coming out of this tax policy.” While Bullard said that thus far, he had not changed his call for the Fed to keep rates on hold, “if that happens I would certainly take note of that and adjust policy appropriately.” In separate comments at the AEA meeting, Cleveland Fed chief Loretta Mester said the U.S. economic expansion was well underway and echoed Harker in calling for a review of the Fed’s policy framework, though she did not personally favor raising its inflation goal. “Now may be an appropriate time to undertake such study because the economy is growing, labor markets are strong, and inflation is projected to move back to our goal,” she said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help