U.S. Delays Payment for Palestinians After Trump Tweet, Sources Say - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Delays Payment for Palestinians After Trump Tweet, Sources Say By Nick Wadhams @nwadhams More stories by Nick Wadhams January 5, 2018, 5:29 PM EST Hold on funding reflects frustration over peace negotiations Administration has until later this month to make a decision Donald Trump walks towards Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Jan. 5.  Photographer: Al Drago/Bloomberg The U.S. has delayed paying about $125 million to the United Nations agency that serves Palestinian refugees, said two people familiar with the matter, after President Donald Trump vented his frustration about getting no “respect” or help in the peace process despite American funding. The U.S., by far the biggest contributor to the UN Relief and Works Agency, or UNRWA, had been expected to deliver the payment on Jan. 2. But Secretary of State Rex Tillerson put a hold on the funds while the administration reviews its next steps, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified discussing private deliberations. The delay could be purely symbolic, since the U.S. has a few more weeks before it must make the payment. But the delay is a break from past practice, when such funds were delivered promptly at the start of the year. Trump tweeted on Jan. 2 that the U.S. pays the Palestinians “HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year” and gets “no appreciation or respect” in return. Nikki Haley, the U.S. Ambassador to the UN, later told reporters the administration would cut off aid if the Palestinians refused to take part in peace talks with Israel. Read a QuickTake Q&A on why Jerusalem’s status is such a controversy Haley and the administration were also angered by action at the UN General Assembly in December, in which member states voted 128-9 to condemn Trump’s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and move the U.S. embassy there from Tel Aviv. Most nations view the status of Jerusalem, parts of which are claimed by the Palestinians, as an issue to be determined in final peace negotiations. Palestinians officials said Trump’s move disqualified the U.S. from being a mediator in any Israel-Palestinian negotiations. Trump’s threat against UNRWA funding was popular in Israel, even though government security officials warned that it could fuel violence and strengthen radical Palestinian forces in the West Bank, said Jonathan Rynhold, director of Bar Ilan University’s Argov Center for the Study of Israel and the Jewish People. “Public opinion does not think three moves ahead in strategic terms,” Rynold said. “It appreciates the immediate symbolism of the U.S. taking Israel’s side versus the Palestinians.” The UN established UNRWA in 1949 to help Palestinian refugees, and it now assists millions of people, chiefly through educational and health services. It isn’t associated with the Palestinian government and doesn’t take part in peace negotiations with Israel. — With assistance by Jonathan Ferziger Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help