Bloomberg Arcade To Bring All-Star Restaurant Line-Up To The City of London | Bloomberg L.P. Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Search press announcements Search for: View all Press Announcements Bloomberg Arcade To Bring All-Star Restaurant Line-Up To The City of London August 4, 2017 JKS Restaurants, the team behind Gymkhana and Hoppers, among leading restaurateurs to take residency in the new dining arcade Bloomberg today announces the independent restaurants to occupy Bloomberg Arcade, bringing some of London’s biggest names in food to the City of London. Opening this autumn, Bloomberg Arcade will create a culinary and cultural destination in the heart of the Square Mile. Running through the site of Bloomberg’s new European headquarters, the covered pedestrian arcade will comprise 10 independent restaurants offering a variety of cuisines and dining styles, seven days a week. Michael R. Bloomberg, Founder, Bloomberg L.P. and 108th Mayor of New York City, says: “Bloomberg Arcade reflects London’s incredible diversity and our commitment both to our employees and the City. It will be a culinary destination unlike any other in the City, and it will bring new jobs and life to the area.” Curated by Bloomberg’s Chief food critic Richard Vines in consultation with fellow critic and restaurant adviser Nicholas Lander, the Arcade’s diverse restaurant line-up includes Brigadiers – a new concept by JKS Restaurants, the team behind Trishna, Gymkhana, Hoppers and Motu Indian Kitchen – serving classic Indian barbecue cuisine in a space inspired by a traditional Indian Army mess. Brigadiers is joined by large-scale new sites for Caravan, Homeslice and Vinoteca, as well as Tokyo-style noodle café Koya and new permanent locations for Bleecker Burger and Hawaiian poké specialist Ahi Poké. Three further restaurants will be announced in the coming weeks. Richard Vines, Restaurant Curator, Bloomberg Arcade, says, “In selecting restaurants for Bloomberg Arcade we wanted to do two things: First, we wanted people doing something creative. We didn’t want another sandwich shop, another coffee bar; we wanted something original, people with new ideas and fresh approaches to food. Second, we wanted diversity: Cuisines from different parts of the world and different styles of service. Choosing the restaurants was like playing a food version of fantasy football and we’ve got some of the biggest names in the business.” Designed in collaboration with Foster + Partners, Bloomberg’s new European headquarters occupies 3.2 acres between St Paul’s Cathedral and the Bank of England and will provide approximately 1.1 million square feet of office and retail space. Two nine-storey buildings clad in sandstone are divided by Bloomberg Arcade and flanked by public squares featuring artworks that pay homage to the river Walbrook. Situated on one of the UK’s most significant archaeological sites, the new Bloomberg development will also be home to London Mithraeum Bloomberg SPACE. This anticipated cultural hub will restore the ancient Temple of Mithras to the site of its discovery, showcase a selection of the remarkable Roman artefacts discovered during excavation, and display a series of contemporary art commissions responding to the site’s history. Notes to Editors Restaurants: Ahi Poké: the team responsible for introducing the exotic Hawaiian food bowl trend to London will bring its sustainably sourced fish and colourful combinations to Bloomberg Arcade. Bleecker Burger: after running successful pop-ups across the capital, Bleecker Burger opened its first permanent space inside Spitalfields market in early 2015. Known for using quality ingredients sourced in the UK, Bleecker Burger is regularly named among London’s best burgers. Brigadiers: a brand new concept from JKS Restaurants, Brigadiers will be a classic Indian barbecue restaurant and drinking tavern inspired by a traditional Indian army mess. Caravan: known for its ‘well-travelled’ all-day-dining menu, relaxed antipodean-style weekend brunch and specialty coffee, courtesy of sister company Caravan Coffee Roasters. The restaurant’s menu draws inspiration from around the world, whilst remaining rooted in a commitment to use the best of local and seasonal produce. Caravan will open its fourth London site in Bloomberg Arcade, following Exmouth Market, King’s Cross and Bankside. Homeslice: having begun life from a hand-built mobile wood-fired oven in 2011, Homeslice is now renowned for its award-winning 20-inch pizzas, also served by the slice. With restaurants in Shoreditch, Neal’s Yard and Fitzrovia, Bloomberg Arcade will be its fourth bricks and mortar site. Koya: the team behind popular Soho Japanese restaurant, Koya will open a second site under the considered direction of Head Chef Shuko Oda. Koya specialises in traditional Japanese dishes, including Sanuki Udon noodles freshly made daily, as well as a unique Japanese breakfast menu. Vinoteca: inspired by the wine bars of Spain and Italy, Vinoteca will open its sixth wine bar, restaurant and wine shop within Bloomberg Arcade offering an eclectic selection of 200 wines from their award-winning list spanning 21 countries alongside an ever-changing selection of paired dishes created with fresh and seasonal produce. For images of Bloomberg Arcade, the new Bloomberg London building and more information on the project, see: https://www.bloomberg.com/company/announcements/new-european-hq-nears-completion/ High resolution images available on request. Press Contacts: bloomberg@purplepr.com | Tel: +44 (0)20 7439 9888 About Bloomberg Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company’s strength – delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately – is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service. Bloomberg’s enterprise solutions build on the company’s core strength: leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. For more information, visit bloomberg.com/company. More Posts January 3, 2018 Bloomberg Full Year 2017 League Tables and Rankings Bloomberg today published its Full Year 2017 League Table reports, which name market leaders across a broad range of deal types including loans, bonds, municipals, equity, and M&A transactions for the quarter. December 20, 2017 Bloomberg Signs Commitment to Foreign Exchange Global Code Bloomberg today announced that it has signed a statement of commitment to the FX Global Code, pledging it will continue its leadership in supporting fair and robust FX markets worldwide. December 14, 2017 BGC Partners Enlists Bloomberg Entity Exchange to Coordinate MiFID II Client Outreach and Repapering Exercise BGC Partners, Inc., a leading global brokerage company servicing the financial and real estate markets, has selected Bloomberg Entity Exchange to help the clients of its EU regulated entities adhere to MiFID II client repapering and rulebook disclosure rules. December 10, 2017 Bloomberg Invest Abu Dhabi to Convene Government and Business Leaders on the Future of Investment and the Global Economy Twitter LinkedIn Facebook © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy | Terms | Tax Policy ×   ×  