Bloomberg For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Debrief The world’s most prominent business leaders, entrepreneurs, and political figures sit down with the editors of Bloomberg Businessweek to talk about their experience and share their insights on the state of business and the global economy. HBO’s CEO on Growth, Sexual Harassment, and Game of Thrones December 14, 2017 Richard Plepler, a quarter-century veteran of the network, talks to Bloomberg Businessweek Editor Megan Murphy about what’s next. Robert Kraft on Sports, Sneakers and His Friendship With Trump May 11, 2017 Robert Kraft, founder and CEO of the Kraft Group, was a Patriots fan long before he was the NFL team's owner. He bought his first season tickets in 1… Is Justin Trudeau the Anti-Trump? April 26, 2017 Canada’s prime minister talks trade, milk, marijuana, housing bubbles, and Donald Trump. Robert De Niro and Jane Rosenthal on Movies, Madoff, and Trump April 20, 2017 The Tribeca Film Festival, one of the leading independent film festivals in the world, turns 16 this month. Founded in the aftermath of 09/11, a fes… Melinda Gates on Keeping Women in the Workforce February 14, 2017 Melinda Gates is the co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation. As head of one of the world's largest philanthropic organizations, she pushes… Debrief: Jamie Dimon on Trump, Taxes and a U.S. Renaissance December 22, 2016 In this episode, we speak with Jamie Dimon, the billionaire CEO of JPMorgan whose storied business career includes stints at Citigroup and American E… Debrief: Obama Says His Daughters Won’t Work on Wall Street December 21, 2016 When we spoke with President Obama in June 2016, the world looked like a very different place. The U.K. was poised for a referendum on whether to rem… Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help