London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Real Estate London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls By Sharon R Smyth @sharonrsmyth More stories by Sharon R Smyth and Nishant Kumar @nishantkumar07 More stories by Nishant Kumar January 4, 2018, 7:23 AM EST “Unbelievable reduction,” says the broker’s email. An investor who agreed to purchase an apartment at the ritzy One Blackfriars project on the banks of the River Thames is offering the two-bedroom home on the 20th floor for 1.8 million pounds ($2.44 million), more than 22 percent less than they agreed to pay for it in 2013. One Blackfriars Photographer: Robert Alexander/Getty Images The seller, who’s from Asia, wants to offload the property before it’s completed, according to Christian Barr, new homes manager at MyLondonHome, who’s brokering the sale. Stamp duty is payable after a property’s construction is finished. The good news for the seller is that there are two firm bids for more than the asking price, from English and Chinese investors, Barr said. He declined to disclose the level of the bids. The vendor wanted to sell within seven days, according to the email. The stockpile of unsold London homes under construction rose to a record in the third quarter as developers ramped up supply. London was the worst-performing home market in the U.K. last year for the first time in more than a decade as values in the capital fell 0.5 percent, according to Nationwide Building Society. That’s the first full-year decline since the 2009 recession. Price falls in London’s best central districts are rippling out as Brexit, mortgage constraints and concerns about future interest rate rises weigh on demand. Values in Fulham are now 14.4 percent below their 2014 peak, according to broker Savills Plc. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help