Financial Data Management | Bloomberg Professional Services Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Quick links Bloomberg Terminal Software Updates MiFID II Bloomberg Professional Services Solutions Buy Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Financial Advisor Portfolio Manager Quantitative Analyst Risk Technologists Buy Side Trader Sell Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Risk Sell Side Sales Technologists Sell Side Trader Corporations C-Suite Investor Relations Treasury Offerings Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Spotlight on Technology Family Offices Government Hedge Funds Private Equity Regulation Sustainable Finance Universities Insights Features Top Stories Brexit MiFID II Markets Commodities Derivatives Emerging Markets Equities Fixed Income Foreign Exchange Indices Trading / Investing Family Offices Hedge Funds Portfolio Management Private Equity Research and Analysis Sales and Trading Sustainable Investing Risk / Regulation Compliance Credit / Counterparty Risk Market Risk Operational Risk Pricing Regulation Data / Tech Ops Apps and Programming Data Governance Data Management Data Science Integration Corporations Corporate Treasury Investor Relations Support Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Enterprise Console Entity Exchange Request a demo Close Search Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo [bbg_form id="60955"] About the Company Financial Data Management Bloomberg Professional Services Gain a competitive advantage from your data For financial firms, data is the currency of business — and managing your data with intelligence is essential for business success. Bloomberg offers managed services that leverage innovative technologies for oversight and control: smarter data governance, regulatory compliance and profitability. Creating in-house solutions is costly in time, resources and technology. We gather everything firms need to stay ahead: data utility, supervision and surveillance tools, cutting-edge investigative functionality, advanced reporting, and immutable storage and record keeping. All backed by best-in-class service. Receive Compliance Insights in your inbox. Sign up Data management utility for smarter governance Bloomberg PolarLake delivers data management solutions that free your resources: vendor feed management and quality control, process and entitlements control, and application of business rules. The result is audited golden copy creation — so you are completely prepared for regulation and compliance. The browser-based Data Management Workstation offers full access to data visualization, lineage, audit and exception management. API functions enable distribution across the enterprise. We keep the intake of production-ready content steady — and secure. Bloomberg PolarLake provides a robust set of solutions: Data quality management Data cleansing of critical data sets and data quality improvement Operational and process control of data Established data management processes with inbuilt audit & controls Rapid data and business process integration Rapid response to inevitable business change and data feed change with a flexible data supply chain How we help our clients Bloomberg PolarLake Talk to a specialist. Contact us Cutting-edge compliance New regulatory regimes. Increased business complexity. Professional and even personal liability. From the front office to operations, steering through the minefield of risk and regulation to keep your firm compliant has never had higher stakes. Bloomberg Vault offers a secure, hosted compliance solution that enables robust governance of communication data, file analytics, and trade reconstruction across the enterprise. Pre-trade, in-trade and post-trade — stay on top of market abuse with a preventive approach to best execution, unauthorized trading, price and limits, and risk. And we leverage email, instant message, social media and voice to reconstruct trades with an unprecedented degree of accuracy, detail and context. Investigate and respond to eDiscovery and regulatory requests with smarter search. Sharpen the review process and make audit trails airtight. By consolidating compliance, legal and data management processes into an integrated, real-time system, Bloomberg Vault helps regulated firms navigate the complicated terrain of compliance – and profit from their data in the process. How we help our clients Bloomberg Vault KYC: Due diligence done right Know Your Customer (KYC) regulations have made client onboarding inefficient and lengthy, as well as fraught with potential liability. Bloomberg offers Entity Exchange — a set of solutions for virtually every firm type, from hedge funds, asset managers and insurance companies on the buy side to banks and brokers on the sell side. Bloomberg Entity Exchange provides a centralized, secure platform to enable trading counterparties to manage and share client data and documents with confidence. All the data and functionality you need to speed through the KYC process and get down to business. How we help our clients Entity Exchange We've got you covered. Buy Side Sell Side Corporations Private Equity Government Universities ON THIS PAGE Gain an advantage from data Data management utility for smarter governance Cutting-edge compliance KYC: Due diligence done right Insights Sending... Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Entity Exchange Bloomberg LEI Regions Brazil China India Japan Korea Latin America Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo Get insights delivered to your inbox Email SUBMIT Sending... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms Tradebook Compliance Company Press Careers