Help Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Menu Help Terms of Service Privacy Sponsor Content Trademarks Social Media Terms Financial Data Law Enforcement Help News Market Data Charts/Analytic Tools Bloomberg Media User Registration Others   News How do I find news about a company? Click on the search box at the top right side of the homepage and start typing the company name or ticker symbol. Choose the appropriate company from the dropdown menu. This will bring you to the profile page. Recent stories about the company are listed in the News section. How do I find an article I saw a while ago on the site? Bloomberg.com updates frequently to deliver the most current news, and because of space constraints the article may no longer be prominently displayed. Try using the search box at the top right side of the page. We suggest searching for the writer of the article. How do I link to your site? Go to Terms and Conditions for additional information. Where can I submit a press release to Bloomberg News? Please send it to release@bloomberg.net, where it will be reviewed. How do I submit feedback about news coverage? Bloomberg welcomes comments, questions or complaints about news coverage. Readers can contact the newsroom Standards Editor at letters@bloomberg.net. Market Data Is the price information on the website updated in real time? Data on Bloomberg.com are delayed by at least 15 minutes. What do I do when old information appears from time to time? Try deleting temporary Internet files, clearing your browser cache and clicking the Refresh button. If that doesn’t work, please let us know via the Feedback form. What is the source of exchange rates on the site? They are based on Bloomberg’s composite rate, the best bid or ask based on reports from hundreds of currency data providers. For more information visit Financial Data Disclaimers. How can I see historical indexes and stock prices? We offer historical data on the website for the last five years. Further information is available via the Bloomberg Professional service. Click here for more information. Where can I see stocks by countries, by industries, or by type? This information is only available through the Bloomberg Professional service. Please visit the linked site for more information and a demo of the subscription based service. Where is the fund screener? This feature is no longer available. How can I update a company profile? Submit an updated company description through the Feedback section of the site. Choose the Market Data category and write a five-line description (80 characters per line). No brand names, superlatives, locations, numbers or past events, please. Please give all information that needs to be updated, including management profile details and company contact information. Please include a link to the Bloomberg.com page that needs updating. Charts/Analytic Tools How can I get stock quotes? Enter the company name or symbol in the search box at the top right side of the homepage. Click on the company from the dropdown menu. How can I find an international stock quote? Enter the company name or symbol in the search box, followed by a colon and the country code (example: BMW: GR). The most common country codes: AU – Australia HK – Hong Kong SM – Spain BZ – Brazil IM – Italy US – U.S. FP – France JP – Japan GR – Germany LN – United Kingdom IND – Index Where can I find financial information not listed on Bloomberg.com? Bloomberg.com provides free market information, financial news and analytic tools to individual investors, as well as a wide variety of other news and features. Please consult the Bloomberg Professional service for more in-depth financial information intended for financial professionals and institutional investors. A sales representative will contact you when you complete the linked form. How do I use the Watchlist? The Watchlist is in the Markets section of the site and offers the ability track stocks, funds and other entities. You can register an account to save your settings. Additional Watchlist information is available on the Watchlist FAQ page. Bloomberg Media What are the system requirements for viewing Bloomberg live TV online? The latest version of Flash is required to watch Bloomberg TV or listen to Bloomberg Radio. If you cannot access Bloomberg media after ensuring that Flash is up to date, please contact us through the Feedback link. Please include your browser information and operating system How do I contact Bloomberg about closed captioning? If you have any comments or questions regarding closed captions on our videos, please contact: Stacy Kennedy, Senior Producer, Digital Strategy & Broadcast Integration Phone: (212) 318-2000 Fax: (646) 268-5775 Address: Bloomberg LP 731 Lexington Avenue New York, NY 10022 Email: bbg_cc_video@bloomberg.net How can I update or cancel my magazine subscription? For Bloomberg Markets magazine and Pursuits magazine, email Bloombergmarkets@cdsfulfillment.com For Bloomberg Businessweek magazine, visit the Manage your Businessweek Subscription page. How do I purchase an interview? If you are interested in purchasing an interview for review, archive or display purposes, or a transcript/translation, then please complete and send this form. An Executive Interviews representative will contact you promptly. User registration Is user registration free? Yes, all services of Bloomberg.com are free. When I tried to register, my email address was already in the system. How can I sign in? Try using the Forgot Your Password? link to reset the account. How can I change my Bloomberg.com profile? Log in to your Account Settings to make any necessary changes. Be sure to click the Save Profile button at the bottom of page. You can change your Watchlist email address via this page. Where can I log in to the Watchlist directly? Please visit the Watchlist page and access your account via the Sign In button. Others What are the recommended browsers for the site? We have optimized the site to look best on the following browsers: Internet Explorer 11 and above, Firefox 44 and above, Safari 8.1 and above or Chrome 43 and above. What should I do if I am using one of the recommended browsers but the site is not displayed correctly? Please clear your browser cache. This simple step can often resolve display issues. If you are accessing the site via Proxy or Firewall, contact your IT department regarding available proxy ports. If a problem persists, please provide your browser information, details about any error messages and screenshots of the issue. Where can I find out about Bloomberg Careers? Thank you for your interest. All openings are listed at the Careers site. Please search and apply online for a position relevant to your interest and experience. Help | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Sponsor Content | Trademarks | Social Media | Financial Data | Law Enforcement © 2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved.