Trump Says He’s ‘Stable Genius’ After Author Questions Fitness - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump Says He’s ‘Stable Genius’ After Author Questions Fitness By Alex Wayne @aawayne More stories by Alex Wayne and Arit John @aritbenie More stories by Arit John January 5, 2018, 8:57 AM EST Updated on January 6, 2018, 8:26 AM EST The president has called Wolff book ‘phony’ and ‘full of lies’ ‘They all say he is like a child,’ Wolff says in NBC interview Bloomberg’s Kevin Cirilli discusses the new book about President Trump from Michael Wolff. President Donald Trump said he’s a “very stable genius” in an early Saturday tweet, a day after a new book about his first year in the White House claimed that many of his top aides and confidantes consider him unfit to hold office. “Throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames,” Trump said on Twitter. In that tweet and a subsequent one, Trump added that he’d gone from being a very successful businessman to top TV star “....to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that!” The comments follow the release of Michael Wolff’s new book, “Fire and Fury,” which details dysfunction, chaos and incompetence in the Trump White House -- claims the administration has denied. Wolff said in an interview with NBC Friday that “100 percent of the people around” the president question his intelligence and fitness for office. Trump, in his tweets, said his detractors including Democrats and the media were shifting from stories about Russian collusion during the 2016 campaign to focusing on his fitness to be president. “They all say he is like a child,” Wolff told NBC. “What they mean by that is he has a need for immediate gratification. It’s all about him.” “This man does not read, does not listen. He’s like a pinball, just shooting off the sides,” Wolff added. “They say he’s a moron, an idiot.” On Thursday, Trump on Twitter called the book “phony” and “full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that don’t exist.” “It’s absolutely outrageous to make these types of allegations” about Trump’s mental fitness, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said on Fox News on Friday. They’re “desperate attempts” to attack Trump, she said. “What’s I think is really mentally unstable” is people not seeing the progress the president is making. Wolff said he stands by everything in his book and has notes and recordings to back it up. While the president said he never spoke to Wolff for the book, the author said he spoke to Trump both during the campaign and after the inauguration. “Whether he realized it was an interview or not,” the conversations weren’t off the record, Wolff said. ‘He’s Lost It’ Wolff said that his sources told him Trump repeats stories over an increasingly short time period, and that he sometimes doesn’t recognize longtime friends. NBC interviewer Savannah Guthrie asked Wolff what he was getting at. Wolff quoted former Trump adviser Steve Bannon, who’s undergone a dramatic public split with the president as the book has become public: “He’s lost it.” Sanders also said Wolff never interviewed Trump about the book and has “made up a lot of stories” to try to sell books. Asked whether Bannon was the main person leaking information to Wolff, Sanders said Bannon “spent a lot more time with reporters than he ever did with the president.” Physical Exam Trump’s campaign released a letter from his doctor in September 2016 saying he was in “excellent physical health.” Trump plans to undergo a physical exam by a government doctor on Jan. 12 that will be followed by a public statement by the doctor, the White House has said. Past presidents have also undergone periodic exams by government physicians who released statements afterward. In an interview later Friday with NPR’s All Things Considered, Wolff said “certainly it’s an open discussion in the White House, as Steve Bannon put it, is he losing it?” — With assistance by Laura Curtis, Jennifer Epstein, and Margaret Talev Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help