Execution and Order Management | Bloomberg Professional Services Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Quick links Bloomberg Terminal Software Updates MiFID II Bloomberg Professional Services Solutions Buy Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Financial Advisor Portfolio Manager Quantitative Analyst Risk Technologists Buy Side Trader Sell Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Risk Sell Side Sales Technologists Sell Side Trader Corporations C-Suite Investor Relations Treasury Offerings Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Spotlight on Technology Family Offices Government Hedge Funds Private Equity Regulation Sustainable Finance Universities Insights Features Top Stories Brexit MiFID II Markets Commodities Derivatives Emerging Markets Equities Fixed Income Foreign Exchange Indices Trading / Investing Family Offices Hedge Funds Portfolio Management Private Equity Research and Analysis Sales and Trading Sustainable Investing Risk / Regulation Compliance Credit / Counterparty Risk Market Risk Operational Risk Pricing Regulation Data / Tech Ops Apps and Programming Data Governance Data Management Data Science Integration Corporations Corporate Treasury Investor Relations Support Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Enterprise Console Entity Exchange Request a demo Close Search Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo [bbg_form id="60955"] About the Company Execution and Order Management Bloomberg Professional Services Tools for competitive advantage In global markets, buy-side and sell-side professionals strive to achieve the best execution across multiple asset classes. The Bloomberg Terminal provides trading solutions and sophisticated analytics to meet these needs, all on a single platform. Bloomberg trade execution and order management solutions provide multi-asset order and execution management solutions and investment cycle analytics that enable buy-side and sell-side firms to turn their trade and order data into a competitive advantage. As a result, firms can create more efficient workflows, connect to the global capital markets, drive regulatory compliance and lower their total cost of ownership. To be successful, global markets traders need access to fragmented pools of liquidity, an intuitive execution platform, predictive analytics, and transaction cost analysis (TCA) tools to assess strategy performance, both historically and in real time. Request a demo. Contact us Complete asset class coverage Equities execution — EMSX Bloomberg’s execution management solutions include the Execution Management System (EMSX) with integrated real-time analytics, Indications of Interest (IOIs) and Trade Advertisements, and Transaction Cost Analytics (BTCA). From a single, customizable workspace, you can manage equities, futures, options and ETF trades. Fixed income trading — FIT FIT, Bloomberg’s trading platform, links all available fixed income electronic trading products into one portal and provides multi-dealer, executable composite pricing, so you can stage, monitor, trade and allocate trades through a single function on the Bloomberg Terminal. You can also trade with FIT from your TSOX blotter. Foreign exchange electronic trading — FXGO FXGO from Bloomberg is the premier multi-bank FX trading platform that provides powerful functionality for price takers to execute foreign exchange transactions with their bank relationships. FXGO is a commission-free electronic trading platform for execution of spot, outright, swap, NDF, deposit, order and option transactions. Commodities electronic trading — CMET Bloomberg Commodities offers a suite of electronic trading products for commodities desks. Management, sharing, and execution of commodity-based financial transactions are supported around the world. How we help our clients Commodities Electronic Trading (CMET) Execution Management System (EMSX) Fixed Income Execution Management (TSOX) Fixed Income Trading (FIT) FX Electronic Trading (FXGO) Trade and order management Our OMS solutions are pre-integrated with the rest of Bloomberg’s enterprise services to offer a truly holistic suite of solutions from front to back office. Buy-side equity and fixed income — AIM For buy-side firms, Bloomberg Asset and Investment Manager (AIM) delivers global, multi-asset solutions for portfolio management, trading, compliance and operations. Sell-side equity and derivatives — SSEOMS Bloomberg’s Sell-Side Execution and Order Management Solutions (SSEOMS) delivers global order and execution management solutions for front-end equity sales and trading and middle- and back-office operations. Sell-side fixed income — TOMS Bloomberg Trade Order Management Solutions (TOMS) delivers global, multi-asset solutions for front-end inventory, trading and middle- and back-office operations. With TOMS, you can optimize your voice and electronic trade workflow, increase global distribution to markets, manage risk and compliance and improve operational efficiency. How we help our clients Asset and Investment Manager (AIM) Sell Side Execution and Order Management Solutions (SSEOMS) Trade Order Management Solutions (TOMS) Agency broker Bloomberg Tradebook® is a leading agency broker and multi-asset execution technology platform that provides access to high quality liquidity, market insight and customized solutions across more than 100 global liquidity venues and 43 countries. With unique tools and unrivaled standards of execution, we seek new ways to deliver value to both the buy side and sell side. How we help our clients Bloomberg Tradebook Post-trade exception management Straight-through processing — STP Bloomberg STP Solutions is a real-time multi-asset-class platform that streamlines post-trade (middle-office) workflows, allowing users to focus solely on exception trade management. Bloomberg STP Solutions reduces operational risk and cost while providing post-trade process automation to both buy-side and sell-side market participants. How we help our clients Straight-Through Processing (STP) Regulated venues As a partner to both the sell side and the buy side, Bloomberg is uniquely positioned to help clients navigate the regulatory maze and stay ahead of market structure changes. Swap Execution Facility — SEF Bloomberg SEF is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) to operate a multi-asset swap execution facility (SEF). Bloomberg SEF provides all participants access to multiple execution styles and liquidity across numerous asset classes including rates, credit, currency and commodity derivatives. Multilateral Trading Facility — MTF Bloomberg Trading Facility Limited’s multilateral trading facility, BMTF, is a robust trading platform for trading credit default swaps (CDS) and interest rate swaps (IRS). Bloomberg has examined and built upon its existing end-to-end trading workflows to offer an efficient trading platform to ensure a seamless transition into the MiFID II regulatory environment. How we help our clients Multilateral Trading Facility (MTF) Swap Execution Facility (SEF) What we offer. Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution ON THIS PAGE Tools for competitive advantage Complete asset class coverage Trade and order management Agency broker Post-trade exception management Regulated venues Insights Sending... Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Entity Exchange Bloomberg LEI Regions Brazil China India Japan Korea Latin America Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo Get insights delivered to your inbox Email SUBMIT Sending... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms Tradebook Compliance Company Press Careers