Businessweek - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Subscribe Settings This Army of AI Robots Will Feed the World by Amanda Little Latest Chart Wells Fargo Annual Loans Drop for First Time Since 2010 Gadfly Breakup Fever Is a Tonic for Industrial Investors charted Music Cash Streams In Gadfly Bono Still Hasn't Found the Robo-Adviser That He's Looking For Finance businessweek Who Wants to Be Bitcoin’s Watchdog? The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission has raised its hand. Some think it’s going too fast. by Robert Schmidt and Benjamin Bain Feature businessweek What If Everyone Got a Monthly Check From the Government? In an audacious experiment, Finland is giving some residents a “basic income” of $16,000 for two years, no strings attached. Here’s what two of them did with the money. by Claire Suddath Politics businessweek Devin Nunes Rises Again, Wielding the Trump Dossier Against Democrats The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, embarrassed by his late-night trip to the White House, is back at it, pushing a case that the FBI wrongly used the dossier to win surveillance warrants of Trump associates. by Billy House Feature businessweek The Five Pillars of Popovich Gregg Popovich, the crusty, ingenious NBA coach, will never write the management advice guide that business needs. So we wrote it for him. by Ira Boudway Politics businessweek Trump Is Playing a Dangerous Game With Pakistan The president’s decision to withhold $2 billion of security aid could alienate a key U.S. ally in the fight against terrorism, and one with nuclear weapons at that. by Chris Kay, Faseeh Mangi and Iain Marlow Technology businessweek Colonoscopy? How About a Blood Test? Israel’s Medial offers less-invasive, more data-driven assessments to resistant patients. by Paul Tullis Feature businessweek The Most Awful Transit Center in America Could Get Unimaginably Worse Think Penn Station is bad? Let’s go into the crumbling, disaster-prone tunnels that lie beneath. by Devin Leonard Business businessweek Tesla’s Model 3: Slowest. Rollout. Ever. The long-awaited ramp-up for the company’s lower-priced EV just got pushed back another three months. Some investors wonder if Musk will have to raise more cash. by Dana Hull In Case You Missed It Technology Uber’s Secret Tool for Keeping the Cops in the Dark by Olivia Zaleski and Eric Newcomer Finance Why Wall Street Hasn’t Had Its #MeToo Moment Yet by Max Abelson Politics Trump’s War on Pot Could Split Republicans in 2018 by Karen Weise and Sahil Kapur Remarks Are You Missing Out on the Great Market Melt-Up? by Michael P. Regan Technology Chinese Workers Abandon Silicon Valley for Riches Back Home by Bloomberg News Economics In Colombia, Marxist Rebels Hold the Oil Industry Hostage by Maximo Anderson Latest Issues January 15, 2018 January 8, 2018 December 25, 2017 December 18, 2017 December 11, 2017 From Our Columnists Here’s How to Tell If You’re a Populist Peter Coy January 9, 2018, 7:00 AM EST Economists and politicians are defining a vague label in the confusing age of Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, Marine Le Pen, and Nicolas Maduro. Why Inflation Stays Low Even Though Unemployment Is Down Peter Coy January 2, 2018, 1:46 PM EST The Phillips Curve isn’t dead. You just need to know where to look for it. This Dollar Shortage Isn’t Likely to Last Peter Coy December 21, 2017, 8:00 AM EST Global banks are likely to lend more once they close the books on 2017 Growth Is Gangbusters, but Some Economists Are Still Warning about ‘Secular Stagnation’ Peter Coy December 19, 2017, 8:00 AM EST Harvard’s Larry Summers says the predictions he began making in 2013 “look to have proved out very well” Seven and a Half Reasons to Be Optimistic About Tech in 2018 Max Chafkin December 18, 2017, 8:00 AM EST This wasn’t a great year, but it wasn’t all awful. Food & Drinks Pursuits pursuits Goodbye to Shared Plates and Communal Tables: Fine Dining Is Back Hot spots like Le Coucou, the Office, the Grill, and Del Mar are heralding a return to formality that diners have hungered for. by Kate Krader Sports Affordable Motion-Capture Tech Is the Secret to Fixing Your Golf Game The One Fireplace Tools Beautiful Enough to Use Even If It’s Not Cold Features Business Is Booming for America’s Survival Food King HBO’s CEO on Growth, Sexual Harassment, and Life After ‘Game of Thrones’ Macy’s Has a Plan to Survive the Retail Apocalypse How to Break Out of Our Long National Tax Nightmare The Wonder Drug for Aging (Made From One of the Deadliest Toxins on Earth) This Land Is No Longer Your Land Everyone’s Mad at Google and Sundar Pichai Has to Fix It The Lawyer Who Beat Big Tobacco Takes On the Opioid Industry Most Popular Uber’s Secret Tool for Keeping the Cops in the Dark Olivia Zaleski and Eric Newcomer January 11, 2018, 5:30 AM EST At least two dozen times, the San Francisco headquarters locked down equipment in foreign offices to shield files from police raids. India Turns Tesla’s Business Model on Its Head Anindya Upadhyay and P R Sanjai January 11, 2018, 4:00 PM EST Chinese Workers Abandon Silicon Valley for Riches Back Home Bloomberg News January 10, 2018, 5:00 PM EST An exodus triggered by abundant capital, growing innovation and flourishing career opportunities Colonoscopy? How About a Blood Test? Paul Tullis January 11, 2018, 1:50 PM EST Israel’s Medial offers less-invasive, more data-driven assessments to resistant patients. More from Businessweek Lobbyists Have a New Secret Weapon Alexandra Stratton January 10, 2018, 4:00 AM EST Walmart’s successful campaign to kill a piece of the tax bill it hated was greased by computer code designed in a Harvard dorm room. The Tiny Ikea of the Future, Without Meatballs or Showroom Mazes Carol Matlack January 10, 2018, 4:00 AM EST The world’s biggest furniture retailer wants younger shoppers who don’t drive. Glaxo Shifts Gears to Fire Up Growth With Rival Astra Closing In James Paton and John Lauerman January 9, 2018, 11:01 AM EST CEO Walmsley has reshuffled 40 percent of top managers to spark innovation Here’s How to Tell If You’re a Populist Peter Coy January 9, 2018, 7:00 AM EST Economists and politicians are defining a vague label in the confusing age of Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, Marine Le Pen, and Nicolas Maduro. Will Cosmetics Get an Amazon Makeover? Stephanie Wong January 9, 2018, 6:00 AM EST The retailer has become the biggest seller of beauty products online. Upscale brands worry about its lack of cachet. Paul Fenn Wants to Give Your Electric Company the Boot Brian Eckhouse January 9, 2018, 5:00 AM EST He’s spent a quarter century advocating for making power a local matter. Now communities that want more renewable energy can buy their own. Britain’s Unavoidable Health-Care Choice The Editors January 9, 2018, 2:00 AM EST Low taxes or free, high-quality medical services: Pick one. Landlords Woo Startups With Built-In Clubs and Office Beers Prashant Gopal and David M Levitt January 5, 2018, 6:00 AM EST Stodgy office towers around the U.S. are getting millennial-friendly makeovers. Even 2017 Couldn’t Crack the $90 Billion Disaster-Bond Market Sonali Basak and Brandon Kochkodin January 4, 2018, 1:45 PM EST Natural-catastrophe bonds attract hedge and pension funds with their yields. But investors could have taken deep losses if the wind had blown in a different direction. HQ Trivia Is a Hit. Now It Just Needs to Not Self-Destruct Max Chafkin January 4, 2018, 1:00 PM EST Intermedia Labs figured out how to build a livestreaming audience with its game-show app. Can it survive the scrutiny that comes with success? You’d Be Crazy to Actually Spend Bitcoin Olga Kharif January 4, 2018, 1:00 PM EST Speculative fervor makes the cryptocurrency clumsy for commerce. Protests in Iran Put Rouhani on the Spot Golnar Motevalli, Kambiz Foroohar and Grant Clark January 4, 2018, 6:00 AM EST The president must navigate between the people and the ayatollahs and contend with forces outside his control, such as sluggish foreign investment—and Donald Trump. These Classic Charts Are Confounding Economists Peter Coy January 4, 2018, 6:00 AM EST A debate is raging on what the flattening of the yield curve and the Phillips curve mean for U.S. growth. Mike Pompeo Is the Anti-Tillerson Nafeesa Syeed January 4, 2018, 4:00 AM EST The CIA chief and former Tea Party Republican from Kansas is everything Trump likes in an appointee—decisive, combative, and loyal. Why the University of Illinois Is Investing in Farmland Janet Lorin January 3, 2018, 5:00 AM EST This big Midwestern state school is betting on corn and soy. Trending on Bloomberg One of the Biggest Crypto Exchanges Goes Dark and Users Are Getting Nervous Camila Russo January 12, 2018, 2:39 PM EST Mark Zuckerberg’s Change of Heart Just Cost Him $3.3 Billion Tom Metcalf January 12, 2018, 12:13 PM EST False Missile-Threat Alert Rattles Hawaii Ros Krasny and Billy House January 13, 2018, 1:33 PM EST H&M Stores Trashed in S. Africa Anti-Racism Protest, eNCA Says Rene Vollgraaff January 13, 2018, 7:05 AM EST Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help