Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws By Mark Gurman @markgurman More stories by Mark Gurman January 4, 2018, 7:22 PM EST Updated on January 5, 2018, 3:01 PM EST Company says recent software updates mitigate Meltdown flaw Fixes won’t slow down devices; users not currently affected Bloomberg’s Jeremy Kahn reports on the impact of chip security flaws on Apple iOS devices. Apple Inc. said all Mac computers and iOS devices, like iPhones and iPads, are affected by chip security flaws unearthed this week, but the company stressed there are no known exploits impacting users. The Cupertino, California-based company said recent software updates for iPads, iPhones, iPod touches, Mac desktops and laptops, and the Apple TV set-top-box mitigate one of the vulnerabilities known as Meltdown. Despite concern that fixes may slow down devices, Apple said its steps to address the Meltdown issue haven’t dented performance. The company will release an update to its Safari web browser in coming days to defend against another form of the security flaw known as Spectre. These steps could slow the speed of the browser by less than 2.5 percent, Apple said in a statement posted on its website. The Apple Watch, which runs a derivative of the iPhone’s operating system, is not affected by either Meltdown or Spectre, according to the company.  Amazing: Mozilla confirms that the leak attack can be exploited from JavaScript. Update your browsers too. https://t.co/segMcZvBEs— Miguel de Icaza (@migueldeicaza) January 4, 2018 Apple shares rose 1 percent to $174.80 at 3:01 p.m. Friday in New York. All About That Big Chip Security Weakness: QuickTake Q&A Intel Corp. on Wednesday confirmed a report stating that its semiconductors contain a vulnerability based around a chip-processing technique called speculative execution. Intel said its chips, which power Macs and devices from other manufacturers, contain the flaw as well as processors based on ARM Holdings architecture, which is used in iOS devices and Android smartphones. In December, Apple came under fire for iPhone software changes that reduced the performance of some older models of its smartphone. Alongside an apology and an explanation that a software change was implemented to balance out the effect of aging batteries, the company reduced the cost of replacing the power units from $79 to $29 through the end of 2018. For more on the iPhone, check out the Decrypted podcast: Security experts have said highly regulated sectors of industry, such as government offices and public health institutions, are most at risk of compromise as a result of the chip security vulnerability. — With assistance by Nate Lanxon Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help