Data and Content | Bloomberg Professional Services Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Quick links Bloomberg Terminal Software Updates MiFID II Bloomberg Professional Services Solutions Buy Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Financial Advisor Portfolio Manager Quantitative Analyst Risk Technologists Buy Side Trader Sell Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Risk Sell Side Sales Technologists Sell Side Trader Corporations C-Suite Investor Relations Treasury Offerings Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Spotlight on Technology Family Offices Government Hedge Funds Private Equity Regulation Sustainable Finance Universities Insights Features Top Stories Brexit MiFID II Markets Commodities Derivatives Emerging Markets Equities Fixed Income Foreign Exchange Indices Trading / Investing Family Offices Hedge Funds Portfolio Management Private Equity Research and Analysis Sales and Trading Sustainable Investing Risk / Regulation Compliance Credit / Counterparty Risk Market Risk Operational Risk Pricing Regulation Data / Tech Ops Apps and Programming Data Governance Data Management Data Science Integration Corporations Corporate Treasury Investor Relations Support Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Enterprise Console Entity Exchange Request a demo Close Search Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo [bbg_form id="60955"] About the Company Data and Content Bloomberg Professional Services Optimize your data supply chain To establish a truly connected enterprise, the data supply chain must be fed high-quality data. And data that is consistent and robust can have an important impact on your bottom line, enabling lower total cost of ownership as well as conferring an advantage in the marketplace. That’s why we seek to help you overcome the perennial challenges to achieving an optimized data supply chain. High-quality data is difficult to acquire and often arrives from multiple sources. The frequency of data delivery can vary, requiring disparate technologies to distribute the right data to the applications that need it. Data exists in many formats, making complete transparency necessary to use and organize it effectively. Data storage can hinder data accessibility and readiness for use. Working with a trusted partner to acquire the highest-quality data and then consistently organize, move and use this data throughout the enterprise, can help firms meet these challenges and effectively manage data on a global scale. Bloomberg data is scrubbed, verified and continually updated as the markets, instruments and entities evolve. Streamlined trading strategy You need the right data fast to more effectively coordinate and execute your trading strategies. Bloomberg’s Event-Driven Feeds (EDF) delivers all the machine-readable data you need to get an edge: textual news, news analytics, global macroeconomic indicators, calendars that cover corporate events and actions, and clean, consistent data sets covering everything your quant analysts need — reliably. How we help our clients Event-Driven Feeds (EDF) Talk to a specialist. Contact us Real-time market data Global connectivity to real-time market data can be the difference between front-office efficiency and front-office failure. With the Bloomberg Market Data Feed (B-PIPE), you’ll get consolidated access to 35 million instruments across all asset classes; rapid, real-time market data at your fingertips; key reference data and more. With unmatched data normalization and intelligence, and premium content unavailable elsewhere. How we help our clients Market Data Platform for Data Distribution Pricing transparency Accurate, defensible pricing from an evaluated pricing service is essential for disclosure and risk management. It also helps senior executives get control of their valuations. Bloomberg’s BVAL is a sophisticated and seamless pricing tool designed to deliver an advantage across the firm. From front office to middle office to operations, get faster, smarter pricing for every asset class. How we help our clients Pricing Data Comprehensive reference data Size and accuracy come together in our enterprise-scale reference data offering. As granular as it gets, our comprehensive data solutions can feed all your functions consistently and cleanly across your entire enterprise. Instrument reference and analytics, robust corporate action and corporate structure data, capital structure, issuer risk, sanctions compliance and metadata – they’re all on board in a common, reliable frame of reference with maximum compatibility with third-party applications through our connective Open Symbology. How we help our clients Reference Data Data License Regulation-ready Navigate the increasingly complex liquidity, regulatory and accounting disclosure landscape, with a diverse suite of solutions that combine high-quality data, unparalleled market analytics and best-in-class service. Whether in trading, risk and capital management, regulatory and accounting reporting, or compliance, Bloomberg is your partner for the journey through ever-shifting regulatory complexity. How we help our clients Regulatory and Accounting Data We've got you covered. Buy Side Sell Side Corporations Private Equity Government Universities ON THIS PAGE Optimize your supply chain Streamlined trading strategy Real-time market data Pricing transparency Comprehensive reference data Regulation-ready Insights Sending... Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Entity Exchange Bloomberg LEI Regions Brazil China India Japan Korea Latin America Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo Get insights delivered to your inbox Email SUBMIT Sending... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms Tradebook Compliance Company Press Careers