Submit a Tip to Bloomberg Home Submit a tip to Bloomberg News Do you have a confidential news tip? Here are ways you can get in touch with our reporters. A good story can start anywhere, including with anonymous tips, but when you provide a tip for journalists, it means sharing specific information — and not general speculation. At Bloomberg, we cover governments and power around the globe, as well as business and economics. The methods below can help protect your anonymity when you send us tips and documents. Also, please do not use these methods to send press releases or story pitches. Postal Mail If you have documents or digital files on a thumb drive, you can send them without identifying yourself if you omit a return address and send the information from a public mailbox. Address it to “TIPS” or to a specific reporter on the outside of the envelope. New York Bloomberg News 731 Lexington Ave New York, NY 10022   DC Bloomberg News Floor 9 1101 New York Ave NW Washington, DC 20005   London Bloomberg News 3 Queen Victoria St London EC4N 4TQ UK Hong Kong Bloomberg News Cheung Kong Centre 2 Queen’s Rd. Central Central, Hong Kong SecureDrop Bloomberg maintains a SecureDrop server — a secure communication platform designed to protect your anonymity. We set up our server in conjunction with the project’s maintainers, the Freedom of the Press Foundation to ensure it meets the highest industry standards. We control the SecureDrop server, which stores any information you send us in an encrypted format. How to Download and install the Tor browser from TorProject.org. Ideally, connect from public Wi-Fi or somewhere that isn’t your home or office. Make sure that your computer does not have any malware or spyware that could compromise your anonymity. Our address on Tor is: m4hynbhhctdk27jr.onion Once the Tor browser has connected, copy and paste that into the address bar and follow the instructions. Once you are given a codename, you can begin a correspondence with our reporters or submit information. With this codename, you can come back and log in again to check if our reporters have sent you a message or to submit more information. For added security, you may wish to connect to Tor on a computer running the TAILS operating system. Privacy information We don’t ask or require you to provide any personally identifying information when you submit materials through SecureDrop. However, please keep in mind that the actual messages you send and receive through securedrop may include personally identifying information included by you or the journalist. The system does not record your IP address, information about your browser, computer, or operating system. The server will only store the date and time of the newest message sent from each source. Once you send a new message, the time and date of your previous message is automatically deleted. Journalists decrypt and read each message offline. Journalists will delete messages and any materials submitted through SecureDrop from the server on a regular basis. The date and time of any message will be securely deleted from the server when the message is deleted. Once you read a journalist’s message, we recommend you delete it. It will then be securely deleted from the file system. Also please note that when you submit certain types of files through SecureDrop, you may be sending us metadata associated with that file. For example, if you submit a photo through SecureDrop in JPEG format, the file may include information about the date, time, and the GPS location of where it was taken, and the type of device used to take the photo. Similarly, if you submit a Word file (.doc or .docx) through SecureDrop, it may include the identity of the document’s author, the author’s operating system, GPS data about the author’s location, and the date and time when the document was created. Our policy is to scrub metadata from the files we receive through SecureDrop before publication. If you don’t want to send us metadata, please use the Metadata Anonymization Toolkit to scrub the file before you submit it. However, no one can truly guarantee 100% security of any system. Like all software, SecureDrop may contain bugs. Ultimately, you use the SecureDrop service at your own risk.