Bloomberg’s New European Headquarters Rated World’s Most Sustainable Office Building | Bloomberg L.P. Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Search press announcements Search for: View all Press Announcements Bloomberg’s New European Headquarters Rated World’s Most Sustainable Office Building October 2, 2017 Sets New Standard in Sustainable Office Design with Highest BREEAM Rating Under Latest Scheme London — Opening later this month in the City of London, Bloomberg’s new European headquarters is the world’s most sustainable office building, as designed. The building achieved an ‘Outstanding’ rating against the BREEAM sustainability assessment method, with a 98.5% score. This is the highest design-stage score ever achieved by any major office development. Michael R. Bloomberg, founder of Bloomberg L.P. said: “We believe that environmentally-friendly practices are as good for business as they are for the planet. From day one, we set out to push the boundaries of sustainable office design – and to create a place that excites and inspires our employees. The two missions went hand-in-hand, and I hope we’ve set a new standard for what an office environment can be.” Compared to a typical office building, the new Bloomberg building’s environmental strategies deliver a 73% saving in water consumption and a 35% saving in energy consumption and associated CO₂ emissions. Innovative power, lighting, water and ventilation systems account for the majority of energy savings. Designed to utilize waste products, respond to the building’s external environment and adapt to its occupancy patterns, many of these solutions are first-of-a-kind. Norman Foster, Founder and Executive Chairman, Foster + Partners, said: “In some of our first discussions on the project, Mike Bloomberg and I arrived at a ‘meeting of minds’ on how the design of the new Bloomberg headquarters should incorporate the highest standards of sustainability. The project evolved from thereon into a building that is one of the most sustainable in the world. The deep plan interior spaces are naturally ventilated through a ‘breathing’ façade while a top lit atrium edged with a spiraling ramp at the heart of the building ensures a connected, healthy and creative environment.” Alan Yates, Technical Director of BRE Global’s Sustainability Group said: “What sets the Bloomberg building apart is its relentless focus on innovation and its holistic, integrated approach to sustainable construction and design. Projects like these are really important in giving confidence to the industry to experiment.” Innovation Highlights •Integrated Ceiling Panels: Bespoke integrated ceiling panels combine heating, cooling, lighting and acoustic functions in an innovative petal-leaf design. The system, which incorporates 500,000 LED lights, uses 40 percent less energy than a typical fluorescent office lighting system. •Water Conservation: Rainwater from the roof, cooling tower blow-off water, and grey water sources, like basins and showers, is captured, treated and recycled to serve vacuum flush toilets. These use net zero mains water for flushing. Overall, water conservation systems will save 25 million litres of water each year, enough to fill ten Olympic swimming pools. •Natural Ventilation: When ambient weather conditions are temperate, the building’s distinctive bronze blades can open and close, allowing the building to operate in a “breathable” natural ventilation mode. Reducing dependency on mechanical ventilation and cooling equipment significantly reduces energy consumption. •Smart Airflow: Smart CO2 sensing controls allow air to be distributed according to the approximate number of people occupying each zone of the building at any given time. The ability to dynamically adjust airflow in response to occupancy hours and patterns is expected to save 600-750 MWhr of power per annum, reducing CO2 emissions by approximately 300 metric tonnes each year. •Combined Heat & Power: An on-site Combined Heat and Power (CHP) generation centre supplies heat and power in a single, efficient system with reduced carbon emissions. Waste heat generated from this process is recycled for cooling and heating and, in use, is expected to save 500-750 metric tonnes of CO2 each year. View larger image A Global Commitment Environmental impact management has helped Bloomberg eliminate nearly 700,000 tonnes of CO₂e (41% of CO₂e intensity reduction) and avoid $95 million in operating costs since 2008. With the addition of the new London building, Bloomberg has 34 LEED or BREEAM-certified projects globally. By the end of 2017, nearly 70% of the company’s 19,000 employees will occupy an environmentally certified office. Sustainable Occupation Bloomberg has been a zero-landfill operation in London since 2010; instead waste is recycled, composted or converted to energy. This commitment will continue at the new site, with better waste streaming to enable a greater proportion of waste products to be reused and recycled. Globally, Bloomberg currently diverts 75% of its total waste away from landfills and is targeting 90% diversion by 2020. The new development’s interiors encourage active working, with sit-to-stand work stations for all employees and a central ramp spanning six floors that encourages movement through the building on foot. Two cycle centres and a wellness centre incorporating on-site health services, multi-faith prayer rooms and a mothers’ room, will also be available to all employees. Press Contacts: Bloomberg EMEA •Natalie Harland | nharland1@bloomberg.net | +44(0)2035258820 •Catrin Thomas | chthomas106@bloomberg.net | +44(0)2073920673 About Bloomberg’s New European Headquarters: Located between the Bank of England and St Paul’s Cathedral, the new European headquarters occupies 3.2 acres and will provide: approximately 1.1 million square feet of office and retail space; three new public plazas, two featuring specially commissioned works of art; Bloomberg Arcade, a dining arcade lined with independent restaurants, a new entrance to Bank Underground Station and an anticipated cultural space that will restore the ancient Roman Temple of Mithras to its original site. Clad in traditional stone and bronze, the building is sympathetic to its context and will improve the surrounding public realm. Bloomberg Arcade is now open to the public, reinstating an ancient Roman travel route and adding a new road to today’s City grid. The new building will be opened on the 24th October, 2017 For more information on Bloomberg’s approach to sustainability, visit https://www.bloomberg.com/bcause/. About BREEAM: BREEAM is the internationally recognised measure of sustainability for buildings and communities. More than 540,000 certificates have been issued under BREEAM on more than 24,000 projects and over 2.2 million buildings and communities are registered for certification. BREEAM is used in more than 70 countries. For more information on BREEAM visit: www.breeam.com Notes to Editors •Michael R. Bloomberg currently serves as the UN Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change and is President of the C40 Board of Directors. Bloomberg Philanthropies, which encompasses all of Mike Bloomberg’s charitable activities, including his personal, foundation and corporate giving, supports numerous environmental initiatives in London, including efforts to reduce air pollution. •Sweco was appointed by Bloomberg in 2010 to provide building consultancy services, including BREEAM support. Sweco is Europe’s leading engineering environment and design consultancy. It is the BREEAM Assessor Company of the Year for 2017. For more information, visit www.sweco.co.uk More Posts January 3, 2018 Bloomberg Full Year 2017 League Tables and Rankings Bloomberg today published its Full Year 2017 League Table reports, which name market leaders across a broad range of deal types including loans, bonds, municipals, equity, and M&A transactions for the quarter. December 20, 2017 Bloomberg Signs Commitment to Foreign Exchange Global Code Bloomberg today announced that it has signed a statement of commitment to the FX Global Code, pledging it will continue its leadership in supporting fair and robust FX markets worldwide. December 14, 2017 BGC Partners Enlists Bloomberg Entity Exchange to Coordinate MiFID II Client Outreach and Repapering Exercise BGC Partners, Inc., a leading global brokerage company servicing the financial and real estate markets, has selected Bloomberg Entity Exchange to help the clients of its EU regulated entities adhere to MiFID II client repapering and rulebook disclosure rules. December 10, 2017 Bloomberg Invest Abu Dhabi to Convene Government and Business Leaders on the Future of Investment and the Global Economy Twitter LinkedIn Facebook © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy | Terms | Tax Policy ×   ×  