Long Blockchain Cashes In on Crypto Craze With Stock Offering - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Long Blockchain Cashes In on Crypto Craze With Stock Offering By Julie Verhage @julieverhage More stories by Julie Verhage January 5, 2018, 2:36 PM EST Bitcoin: What’s Coming in the Year Ahead The legion of microcaps that have booked massive share-price gains after changing their business to focus on the crypto craze are now looking to cash in. Long Blockchain Inc., the company known as Long Island Iced Tea until Dec. 21, waded into the secondary market Friday with an offering of 1.6 million shares at $5.25 apiece. That’s more than double the closing price on Dec. 20, and would raise more than $8 million in proceeds if successful. The announcement sent the stock tumbling 20 percent to $5.10 as of 2 p.m. in New York. Such a move, along with stock sales by executives and insiders at other recently re-christened crypto firms, come as companies suddenly flush with equity valuations double or even triple levels from just weeks ago look to convert that currency into cash or use it to bolster the business. Long Blockchain says it’ll use a portion of its proceeds to purchase computers capable of mining bitcoin. Marathon Patent Group Inc., an intellectual property company, watched its shares more than quadruple after announcing it’d merge with cryptocurrency miner Global Bit Ventures. A month later, it said it would issue 127 million shares to fund the deal, and then sold 1 million shares to raise about $5 million for “working capital and general corporate purposes.” Other companies have seen founders and insiders take profits after price booms. Riot Blockchain Inc., the former biotech firm, joined the crypto craze in October, though its shares didn’t take off until mid-November when bitcoin’s price began to soar.  Chief Executive Officer John O’Rourke was granted 344,000 shares on Nov. 3, when the stock was around $7. It tripled three weeks later, and on Dec. 29, he sold 29,583 shares for just under $30 apiece, which would’ve given him a gross gain of $680,000. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help