EM Review: Last Year's Winning Run Extends to First Week of 2018 - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Scott Dalton/Bloomberg EM Review: Last Year's Winning Run Extends to First Week of 2018 By Lilian Karunungan @LK_bloomberg More stories by Lilian Karunungan , George Lei More stories by George Lei , and Srinivasan Sivabalan @SriniSivabalan More stories by Srinivasan Sivabalan January 5, 2018, 4:11 PM EST MSCI’s EMFX Index has rallied more than 20% from a year ago Latam currencies lead world gains amid rising commodity prices Emerging-market assets extended last year’s winning streak to the first week of 2018 as a weak dollar, low global yields and optimism over global growth boosted demand for developing-nation stocks and bonds. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index of equities climbed 3.8 percent this week, its best performance since July, while the MSCI Emerging Markets Currency Index gained 0.9 percent. A Bloomberg Barclays index tracking the EM local-currency government bonds had its best week in almost six months. Highlights for the week ended Jan. 5: The Colombian peso was the best-performing currency during the week, rising 2.8 percent against the dollar, on the back of higher oil prices North Korea accepted a proposal to hold talks with South Korea on Jan. 9 aimed at reducing tensions ahead of the Winter Olympics next month. Gains in the won, which reached a three-year high in the week, were partly driven by signs of an easing of tension between the two neighbors Foreign funds piled into South Korean and Taiwanese stocks, buying more than a net $2 billion of equities from the two markets MSCI’s emerging-market currency index extended an 11-day winning streak, up more than 20% from Jan. 2016 low. Asia: While China’s official PMI reading held up, purchasing manager indexes for manufacturing in Indonesia, Malaysia and South Korea dipped below 50, the dividing line between expansion and contraction, during December South Korea’s central bank said it will take action if there are excessive one-sided currency moves, while it maintained its stance the spot rate should be market-driven Bank of Thailand said its foreign-exchange market operations aren’t intended to create an unfair export advantage The Philippines’s new tax law is expected to raise the inflation rate by 0.4-0.7 percentage points during the first year of implementation, with the impact tapering over time, President Duterte’s spokesman Harry Roque said. The peso had a fourth weekly gain on the back of the law EMEA: Angola said it was ready to scrap its dollar peg in a further sign of the new president’s commitment to an economic overhaul that may set the stage for IMF aid and a eurobond sale Turkish banker Hakan Atilla was convicted of helping Iran evade U.S. financial sanctions after a month-long trial that threatens to strain relations between Turkey and the U.S. The lira weakened after the verdict South African rand extended gains for a 6th straight week amid reports that the ruling ANC is to consider ousting President Jacob Zuma. Latin America: Argentina sold $9 billion of bonds and said demand totaled $21.4 billion. The nation’s peso extended losses this week amid unwinding of carry trade and risks of interest rate cuts after the central bank raised its inflation target last week. Latin American currencies, aside from the Argentine peso, all advanced amid rising commodity prices. Chile’s peso rallied towards 600 this week, reaching the highest level since May 2015. The privatization of Brazil’s state-owned utility Eletrobras remains a contentious subject among lawmakers within the ruling coalition after President Michel Temer signed a measure last week paving the way for the process. Upcoming data: Monday, Jan. 8 Taiwan Dec. trade balance Indonesia Dec. foreign reserves Chile Dec. CPI, trade balance Hungary Nov. industrial production Turkey Nov. industrial output Romania Interest rate announcement Tuesday, Jan. 9 Mexico Dec. CPI, international reserves Brazil Nov. retail sales Argentina Monetary policy decision Hungary  Nov. trade balance Wednesday, Jan. 10  China Dec. CPI South Korea Dec. unemployment rate, Nov. industrial production Brazil Dec. IPCA Inflation  Poland Monetary policy decision Hungary Central bank minutes Russia Dec. CPI Czech Republic Dec. CPI, 3Q GDP Thursday, Jan. 11 Malaysia Nov. industrial production Mexico Dec. consumer confidence Peru  Monetary policy meeting South Africa Nov. manufacturing Russia Weekly gold and foreign reserves Friday, Jan. 12 Romania Dec. CPI, 3Q GDP India Dec. CPI, Nov. industrial production Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help