Bloomberg For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe 22 Articles April 12, 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Share on Google+ E-mail Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Gadgets With Gurman is a new live consumer tech show hosted by Bloomberg Technology reporter Mark Gurman. Each week, Mark will review a highly-anticipated product, whether that be the latest smartphone, wearable or drone to help you figure out what to buy—and just as importantly, how to get the best use out of those devices. December 21, 2017 Gadgets With Gurman: The Year in Tech Bloomberg's Mark Gurman looks at a big year in consumer tech from Amazon, Google and Apple. What worked, what didn't and what's worth your money. (Source: Bloomberg) 1 December 20, 2017 First Look at the Amazon Echo Spot "Gadgets with Gurman" is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Amazon Echo Spot. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com. (Source: Bloomberg) 2 December 14, 2017 How the Google Home Max Stacks Up Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Google Home Max and sees how it compares to Apple's HomePod and Amazon's Echo line of home speakers. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 3 December 6, 2017 Which Home Speaker is Right for You? Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out a selection of home speakers and talks through which speakers are best for which buyers. He'll cover Amazon's Echo 2 and Echo Plus, Microsoft Invoke and the Sonos One speakers. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 4 December 1, 2017 Gadgets with Gurman: Hands-On With the Surface Book 2 Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out Microsoft's Surface Book 2 laptop. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 5 November 16, 2017 Pixel Buds Try to Be AirPods, But Fail Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Pixel Buds. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 6 November 7, 2017 The iPhone X is Here Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the iPhone X. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 7 October 30, 2017 What You Need to Know About Google's New Products Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer technology reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark dives into Google's new products, from the Google PixelBook to the Pixel 2 XL. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 8 September 28, 2017 Gadgets With Gurman: Wireless Charging and the iPhone 8 Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the iPhone 8 and its new wireless charger. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 9 September 22, 2017 Gadgets With Gurman: Taking Apart the iPhone 8 The iPhone 8 arrived in stores on Friday morning and just a few hours later Bloomberg's Mark Gurman and AJ Forsythe, founder of iCracked, found out what's inside, comparing the components to earlier generations. "Gadgets with Gurman" is a weekly webcast featuring the most highly-anticipated gadgets across product categories. Mark will demo the key features, offer market comparison and company insight to help customers make smart purchase decisions. Mark will also answer your questions live. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 10 September 14, 2017 Gadgets With Gurman: iPhone X and Apple Event Q&A Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark discusses Apple's event, the iPhone X, Apple Watch Series 3, Apple TV 4K, iPhone 8, and iPhone 8 Plus. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 11 September 7, 2017 Samsung's Note 8: No Need For a Tablet? Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Samsung Note 8 smartphone. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 12 September 1, 2017 Nest's Newest Thermostat is Here Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Nest Thermostat E. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 13 August 28, 2017 Gadgets With Gurman: The iPhone 8 Is Almost Here Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark walks us through what we know about the iPhone 8 and how the next generation of the iPhone stacks up against previous models. Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 14 August 18, 2017 Gadgets with Gurman: Essential Phone is Finally Here Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Essential Phone. He'll demo the coolest features, offer pro tips and take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 15 August 9, 2017 How Much Is a Concierge Service Worth? Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Appassionato smartphone from Turing Robotics, which is unveiling its Sir Alan concierge service. He'll demo the coolest features, offer pro tips and take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 16 August 2, 2017 See What This Augmented Reality Smartphone Can Do Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Asus ZenFone AR, a smartphone with augmented reality capabilities. He'll demo the coolest features, offer pro tips and take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 17 July 28, 2017 Gadgets With Gurman - LV's Android Watch This week, Mark checks out the Tambour Horizon connected watch from Louis Vuitton. He'll walk through the top features, offer pro tips and take questions from the audience. (Source: Bloomberg) 18 July 19, 2017 Check Out the Ring Video Doorbell 2 Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Ring Video Doorbell 2. He'll walk through the top features, offer pro tips and take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 19 July 12, 2017 Is the New Nest Camera Worth the Price Tag? Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the Nest IQ Indoor Camera. He'll walk through the top features, offer pro tips and take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 20 June 26, 2017 Amazon's Echo Show: Do You Need Another Screen? Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark gets his hands on Amazon's Echo Show, which launches today. Voice-activated devices are one of the hottest consumer product categories right now, but do people really want another screen? Mark will also take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 21 June 21, 2017 Does the One Plus 5 Smartphone Make the Cut? Gadgets with Gurman is a live webcast hosted by Bloomberg Technology's consumer tech reporter Mark Gurman. This week, Mark checks out the One Plus 5 smartphone. He'll walk through the top features, offer pro tips and take questions from the audience. Watch every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 22 Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help