Bloomberg London Building | Bloomberg L.P. Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Search press announcements Search for: Bloomberg London Bloomberg London "This building is designed to encourage cooperation and collaboration, and that's what makes for a successful business." - Michael Bloomberg New European Headquarters Located in the heart of the City of London, our new European headquarters is the first wholly owned and designed Bloomberg building in the world. Designed to facilitate collaboration and fuel innovation, it will bring Bloomberg’s 4,000 London-based employees under one roof for the first time. Workplace of the Future: The New Bloomberg London Building Our groundbreaking London building defines a new generation of 21st century office design. See how our innovative space energizes employees, clients and visitors while encouraging a new level of productivity and collaboration. A New Standard In Sustainable Office Design Our new European headquarters in London pushes the boundaries of sustainable office design. See how we achieved a 98.5% score against the BREEAM sustainability assessment method: the highest design-stage score ever achieved by any major office development. Bloomberg London Overview In December 2010, Bloomberg embarked on the construction of a new building in the heart of the City of London that would meet the needs of our growing employee population and represent our company’s culture, values and ambitions, from the ground up. Located between the Bank of England and St Paul’s Cathedral, the new site occupies 3.2 acres and will provide approximately 1.1 million square feet of sustainable office space, three new public spaces – two featuring a specially commissioned artwork – a retail arcade that will reinstate an ancient Roman travel route, and an anticipated cultural hub that will restore the Temple of Mithras to its original site. Conceived by our founder Mike Bloomberg in collaboration with leading architect Lord Norman Foster of Foster + Partners, the new building’s design is sympathetic to its surrounding context, an exemplar of sustainable design and uniquely of its place and time – a natural extension of the City that will endure and improve the surrounding public realm. Exterior & Interior Two buildings divided by a pedestrianised dining arcade provide approximately 1.1m sq ft of office and retail space. Bloomberg chose not to build to the maximum allowable square footage, instead providing civic space in the heart of the City. Entrance on Bucklersbury. Rainwater from the roof is treated and recycled to serve vacuum flush toilets. The building’s façades are defined by a deep structural stone frame with inset bronze fins and serrated glass. Olafur Eliasson | "No future is possible without a past." Above the ramp at the centre of the building is an expansive rooflight. Above the ramp at the centre of the building is an expansive rooflight. The pantry is lit with natural light from the atrium above. The expansive, double-height pantry overlooking St Paul's Cathedral is the heart of the building. Areas are designed to offer alternative spaces for informal meetings. Bespoke integrated ceiling panels combine heating, cooling, lighting and acoustic functions. The unique desking system is designed to make the environment adaptable to today’s workplace. View of the City skyline from the Walbrook Dining Room. Art Cristina Iglesias | Forgotten Streams. Isabel Nolan | Another View from Nowhen. David Tremlett | City Drawing #1. Olafur Eliasson | "No future is possible without a past." Pae White | Pomona. Ben Langlands and Nikki Bell | Frozen Sky. Michael Craig-Martin | Lexicon. Arturo Herrera | Sortario. Construction Bucklersbury House stood on the Bloomberg site before its demolition in 2010. The Bloomberg site under construction. The Bloomberg site under construction. Aerial view of the Bloomberg construction site in the heart of the City. Archaeologists from Museum of London Archaeology excavated the Bloomberg site by hand in 2012-2014. The ramp under construction. The Vortex under construction. History & Archaeology The Story of the Bloomberg Writing Tablets Archaeologists from MOLA found 400+ fragments of ancient Roman writing-tablets on the site of the new Bloomberg London building. The collection is the largest and earliest of its kind in Britain and includes the first known reference to London and the earliest hand-written document in Britain. Roman waxed writing tablets were used for note taking, tallying accounts, correspondence, and legal administration. For more information on the tablets, visit MOLA. The London Mithraeum: A Future for the Past Bloomberg’s new European headquarters in London will be located on one of the UK’s most significant archaeological sites – a temple dedicated to the Roman god Mithras. As stewards of the ancient site and artifacts, Bloomberg is creating an innovative museum experience that will change the way we encounter archeology. For more information visit MOLA. Share The building delivers a 73% saving in water consumption and a 35% saving in energy consumption & associated CO₂ emissions. #BloombergLondon pic.twitter.com/P7Lj7NjIif — Bloomberg LP (@Bloomberg) October 24, 2017 The interior of the building is designed to bring people together and encourage chance interactions. #BloombergLondon pic.twitter.com/auaRXZhpvd — Bloomberg LP (@Bloomberg) October 24, 2017 The new building is meant to fit respectfully into the City while adding to its character and giving back to the community. #BloombergLondon pic.twitter.com/0iFACDYaCV — Bloomberg LP (@Bloomberg) October 24, 2017 Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn Press Releases Bloomberg Unveils New European Headquarters in the City of London Bloomberg’s New European Headquarters Rated World’s Most Sustainable Office Building Bloomberg’s New European Headquarters Nears Completion Press Contacts Natalie Harland nharland1@bloomberg.net Catrin Thomas cthomas106@bloomberg.net Location Twitter LinkedIn Facebook © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy | Terms | Tax Policy ×   ×  