MiFID II | Bloomberg Professional Services Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Quick links Bloomberg Terminal Software Updates MiFID II Bloomberg Professional Services Solutions Buy Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Financial Advisor Portfolio Manager Quantitative Analyst Risk Technologists Buy Side Trader Sell Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Risk Sell Side Sales Technologists Sell Side Trader Corporations C-Suite Investor Relations Treasury Offerings Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Spotlight on Technology Family Offices Government Hedge Funds Private Equity Regulation Sustainable Finance Universities Insights Features Top Stories Brexit MiFID II Markets Commodities Derivatives Emerging Markets Equities Fixed Income Foreign Exchange Indices Trading / Investing Family Offices Hedge Funds Portfolio Management Private Equity Research and Analysis Sales and Trading Sustainable Investing Risk / Regulation Compliance Credit / Counterparty Risk Market Risk Operational Risk Pricing Regulation Data / Tech Ops Apps and Programming Data Governance Data Management Data Science Integration Corporations Corporate Treasury Investor Relations Support Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Enterprise Console Entity Exchange Request a demo Close Search Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo [bbg_form id="60955"] About the Company MiFID II Regulation The value of working with Bloomberg On 3 January 2018, Europe will see the update to the Markets in Financial Instrument Directive (MiFID II) and the accompanying Regulation (MiFIR) come into force. Focusing on core principles of the creation of fairer, safer and more efficient markets, this broadest piece of financial industry legislation ever will significantly change market structures. Now is the time to be selecting and integrating systematic solutions to prepare for this vast regulatory change. Uniquely positioned for the transition to MiFID II As a partner to both the buy side and the sell side, we have built upon our current solutions for data, analytics, order management, reporting and trading platforms to provide a holistic suite of solutions from front to back-office that integrate seamlessly and also work independently. Our MiFID II solutions Sales Trader Workflow (STW) Research Bloomberg Transaction Cost Analysis (BTCA) Record keeping (VAULT) Multilateral Trading Facility (MTF) Order management system integration Bloomberg’s comprehensive MiFID II solutions suite is seamlessly integrated with Bloomberg’s Trade Order Management Solutions (TOMS),  Sell-Side Execution and Order Management Solutions (SSEOMS)  and Asset and Investment Manager (AIM) , providing strategic enterprise workflow across the entire trade life cycle from  pre-trade to post-trade and everything in between. Bloomberg’s order management solutions for fixed income (TOMS) and equities (SSEOMS) offer sell-side institutions pre-trade transparency and robust compliance monitoring tools. TOMS is fully integrated with Bloomberg’s suite of Sales Trader Workflow (STW) solutions to help firms address MiFID II requirements for pre- and post-trade transparency, transaction reporting and best execution, as well as record keeping, trade reconstruction and surveillance. With Bloomberg’s Asset & Investment Manager (AIM) solution buy-side institutions can manage portfolios, optimize trading workflow and lower operational risk while meeting MiFID II’s regulatory obligations. AIM offers direct connectivity and seamless integration with Bloomberg systems for transaction reporting, best execution, record keeping, trade reconstruction and surveillance, as well as research budgets, commission and trading activity management. Multi-asset class coverage Bloomberg offers comprehensive cross-asset class coverage, including unrivaled derivatives coverage with Bloomberg’s database of 4.8 million structured products. How we help our clients Asset and Investment Manager (AIM) Sell-side Execution and Order Management Solutions (SSEOMS) Sales Trader Workflow (STW) solutions Trade Order Management Solutions (TOMS) Independent Opimas Report: MiFID II: Spending & Solutions Landscape Bloomberg offers comprehensive multi-asset class coverage across MiFID II solutions. Learn more Pre-trade Research MiFID II requirements will have a significant impact on the future of research for the buy side. The urgent need for heightened transparency and compliance under MiFID calls for a comprehensive research platform that integrates seamlessly into the research workflow. Bloomberg’s single research platform allows the buy side to access, manage and value both their broker interactions and internal research to gain greater transparency and operational efficiency — all while making MiFID II compliance simpler. Sales Trader Workflow (STW) Under MiFID II, the sell side will have new real-time reporting obligations including a need for capturing and recording all methods of communication surrounding price negotiation. Investment firms will have to publicly report actionable indications of interest and trades via an Approved Publication Arrangement (APA). Additionally, Systematic Internalisers (SI) will be required to publish quotes on most types of orders. Bloomberg’s Sales Trader Workflow (STW) solutions can encompass the entire sales process of client order capture, pre-trade compliance, quoting, negotiation and order routing to external third-party electronic trading platforms. Automatically publish quotes to the Approved Publication Arrangement (APA) via Bloomberg’s Regulatory Reporting Hub (RHUB), and capture all electronic negotiation between the salesperson and the trading desk. Voice Taker Workflow (VTW) Under MiFID II, buy-side market participants face a considerable challenge of evaluating and satisfying transparency reporting obligations. Bloomberg’s Voice Taker Workflow (VTW) is aimed at the liquidity takers who negotiate and agree on/to trades via IB. VTW links together the Execution Management System (TSOX), messaging system (IB) and trade confirmation system (VCON) to create a seamless workflow for voice execution off-venue and provide a full audit trail of the trade. Trade reporting to an Approved Publication Arrangement (APA) Under MiFID II requirements, firms will need to publicly report off-venue Actionable Indications of Interest and executed prices through an APA. As a component of Bloomberg’s pre-integrated MiFID II solution, Bloomberg’s APA will allow the seamless publication of required trade details when MiFID II goes into force. Data transparency MiFID II will require trades on all financial instruments to be reported to the client’s National Competent Authority with reports to require 65 fields of economic terms and static data. Bloomberg’s MiFID II transparency solution supports MiFID II obligations for pre- and post-trade transparency by providing an automated data feed with 120 fields covering approximately seven million instruments across numerous asset classes. Onboarding and Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) MiFID II will require investment firms to adapt their on-boarding process to make a number of changes to documenting their relationship with clients. Additionally, all firms will be required to be identified by a Legal Entity Identifier (LEI). Bloomberg’s Entity Exchange offers firms assisted LEI registration while helping trading counterparties establish efficient onboarding process by enabling them to manage and share client data and documents over a secure platform. How we help our clients Bloomberg LEI Buy-Side Research Management Solutions Entity Exchange Sales Trader Workflow (STW) solutions MiFID II Entity Exchange Brochure Bloomberg’s APA was among first to have authorization for MiFID II trade reporting Request a demo. Contact us Execution Trading venues MiFID II defines a number of trading venue types: Regulated Markets (RM), Multi-lateral Trading Facilities (MTF) and Organized Trading Facilities (OTF). Current order book, multi RFQ and voice trading protocols will need to be reviewed and potentially amended post-MiFID II. Bloomberg operates an MTF for cash bonds, repos, IRS and CDS and will extend the product suite to cover derivatives for equities and FX in 2017. How we help our clients Multilateral Trading Facility (MTF) Post-trade Transaction reporting Under MiFID II, trades on all financial instruments will need to be reported to the National Competent Authority (NCA) to their market abuse and surveillance functions. Reports will require 65 fields of economic terms and static data. Additionally, all transactions reported will require a Legal Entity Identifier (LEI). Bloomberg Regulatory Hub (RHUB) offers a full service platform that connects to the Bloomberg APA and Approved Reporting Mechanism (ARM) to help firms comply with their regulatory reporting-related obligations. Bloomberg currently operates an ARM under MiFID II. Bloomberg can now also issue and maintain LEIs required for trade and transaction reporting through LEI request and registration portal. Best Execution MiFID II requires market participants to demonstrate that they have taken all sufficient steps to obtain the best possible result for their clients when executing orders. Trading venues and Systematic Internalisers will be required to periodically publish reports relating to the quality of execution for individual financial instruments. Bloomberg’s Transaction Cost Analysis (BTCA) solutions seamlessly integrate MiFID II requirements, across multiple asset classes, including OTC derivatives, to help firms set, demonstrate and monitor their order execution policy. Record keeping, trade reconstruction and surveillance MiFID II introduces sweeping record-keeping requirements for services, activities and transactions, including voice recordings. In addition, firms must monitor for prohibited market activity and quickly reconstruct the lifecycle of a trade across multiple channels. Bloomberg Vault can archive emails, chats and voice recordings, as well as Bloomberg MSGs and IBs. In the same archive, Vault can store the pre-trade and trade data required for MiFID II. Archived data is stored on immutable, write-once-read-many (WORM) storage so that records can’t be deleted or modified throughout the required retention period. Vault also provides the surveillance controls to set and monitor activities. How we help our clients Transaction Cost Analysis solutions for MiFID II (BTCA) Record-keeping solutions for MiFID II (VAULT) Bloomberg LEI   MiFID Matters: Join your peers around the globe in leveraging Bloomberg’s insights and tools to stay ahead of the curve. Sign up ON THIS PAGE Working with Bloomberg Pre-trade Execution Post-trade Insights Sending... Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Entity Exchange Bloomberg LEI Regions Brazil China India Japan Korea Latin America Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo Get insights delivered to your inbox Email SUBMIT Sending... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms Tradebook Compliance Company Press Careers