Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Main Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation, search Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 5,545,605 articles in English Arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article The Three Sisters are volcanic peaks of the Cascade Volcanic Arc in Oregon in the northwestern United States. More than 10,000 feet (3,000 m) in elevation, they are the third-, fourth-, and fifth-highest peaks in Oregon. They are about 10 miles (16 km) south of the nearest town, Sisters, in the Three Sisters Wilderness. The three mountains, particularly South Sister, are popular destinations for climbing and scrambling. They are subject to frequent snowfall, occasional rain, and extreme temperature variation between seasons. Although they are often grouped together as a complex volcano, the three mountains differ in geology and eruptive history. Neither North Sister nor Middle Sister has erupted in the last 14,000 years. South Sister last erupted about 2,000 years ago, and there are indications it could erupt again. After satellite imagery detected tectonic uplift near South Sister in 2000, the United States Geological Survey improved monitoring in the immediate area. (Full article...) Recently featured: Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death) Lilias Armstrong Red-backed fairywren Archive By email More featured articles Did you know... Glade Creek Grist Mill at Babcock State Park ... that West Virginia's 37 state parks include a working grist mill (pictured), a scenic railroad, a reconstructed 18th-century fortification, and a Natural National Landmark? ... that Vice Admiral Mary M. Jackson was promoted directly from one-star to three-star rank? ... that while the Three Kings bring gold, incense and myrrh to the manger, the singer of "Ich steh an deiner Krippen hier" offers spirit and mind, heart, soul and courage as gifts? ... that Luke Harper and Erick Rowan call themselves The Bludgeon Brothers? ... that despite being flightless, wood crickets appeared in 2001 at a site in southern England at which they had previously not been present? ... that as a teenager, Vietnamese singer Tóc Tiên exaggerated her age twice at singing competitions, one time winning the grand prize? ... that the common Epiphany hymn "As with Gladness Men of Old" does not describe the Biblical Magi as "magi" or "kings", or even state their number? ... that Carys Bannister drove rally cars and exhibited corgis when not performing brain surgery? Recent additions Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Rob Cross A passenger train collision with a truck on a level crossing near Kroonstad, South Africa, kills 18 people and injures more than 250 others. In darts, Rob Cross (pictured) wins the PDC World Championship on his debut. George Weah is elected President of Liberia. Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski pardons jailed ex-president Alberto Fujimori. Typhoon Tembin sweeps through the southern Philippines, killing more than 260 people. Ongoing: Iranian protests Recent deaths: Marina Ripa Di Meana Brendan Byrne Guida Maria Rick Hall Nominate an article On this day... January 6: Little Christmas in Ireland Nancy Kerrigan 1066 – Harold Godwinson, the last Anglo-Saxon king before the Norman conquest, was crowned King of England. 1912 – German geophysicist Alfred Wegener first presented his theory of continental drift. 1941 – During his State of the Union Address, U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt presented his Four Freedoms as fundamental freedoms humans everywhere in the world ought to enjoy. 1953 – The first Asian Socialist Conference, an organisation of socialist political parties in Asia, opened in Rangoon, Burma, with 177 delegates, observers and fraternal guests. 1994 – Two-time American Olympic figure skating medalist Nancy Kerrigan (pictured) was hit on the leg with a police baton by an assailant hired by the ex-husband of her rival Tonya Harding. Jane Dormer (b. 1538) · Jedediah Smith (b. 1799) · Sybil Plumlee (d. 2012) More anniversaries: January 5 January 6 January 7 Archive By email List of historical anniversaries Today's featured picture When Will You Marry? is an oil painting from 1892 by the French Post-Impressionist artist Paul Gauguin. Completed during his sojourn in Tahiti, it depicts two Tahitian women—one dressed in traditional attire, the other in Western clothing—sitting in a field. The front figure's tiare flower, as well as the inscription "NAFEA Faa ipoipo" ('When will you marry?') at bottom right, imply that she is looking for a husband. On loan to the Kunstmuseum in Basel, Switzerland, for nearly a half-century, it was sold privately in February 2015 for close to US $210 million, one of the highest prices ever for a work of art. Painting: Paul Gauguin Recently featured: Atelopus limosus Blangkon Brompton Oratory Archive More featured pictures Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning materials and activities Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001), it currently contains 5,545,605 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands 日本語 Polski Русский Svenska Tiếng Việt More than 250,000 articles: العربية Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català Čeština Euskara فارسی 한국어 Magyar Norsk Português Română Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe Українська 中文 More than 50,000 articles: Bosanski Български Dansk Eesti Ελληνικά English (simple form) Esperanto Galego עברית Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuvių Norsk nynorsk Slovenčina Slovenščina ไทย Complete list of Wikipedias Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=807996266" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary Languages العربية Български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français Galego 한국어 Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית ქართული Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Română Русский Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 This page was last edited on 31 October 2017, at 07:33. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile view