Global Diversity & Inclusion | Bloomberg L.P Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Menu Blog Connect Twitter Facebook LinkedIn About Bloomberg Search Diversity And Inclusion Search for: Global Diversity & Inclusion Bloomberg’s diverse workforce and open culture are essential to innovation and the key to our success. Our efforts help establish an inclusive work environment where all Bloomberg employees feel respected for their diversity and empowered to impact the business globally. About Initiatives Communities Partnerships Blog Initiatives Business SWAT Teams Work with champions in each business area to identify strategies tailored to their unique challenges and opportunities. Inclusive Leadership Partner with the Leadership & Learning team to embed diversity and inclusion messaging and concepts into Bloomberg’s global curriculum. Recruiting Partner with the Recruiting team to identify top talent and optimize presence at diversity conferences and in professional diversity associations. See our partnerships. Thought Leadership and Research Sponsor key research and thought leadership focused on Diversity & Inclusion. Start Here. Make Your Mark. search jobs Communities Bloomberg Communities are an important part of the global diversity and inclusion strategy. They serve as a forum for employees to share ideas, serve as brand ambassadors and increase professional and leadership development. We support eight communities of which over 3500 employees across global regions are members and participate in activities related to commercial impact, leadership development, marketing, recruiting, and community engagement. Bloomberg Abilities Community: Committed to raising awareness and creating a supportive and comfortable environment for people with disabilities and their allies. Disabilities as Strength Not Shame- A Conversation with Ben Foss: Ben Foss and Susan Lang, Lime Connect CEO Bloomberg Black Professional Community Fosters and supports the development of black employees, promoting a collaborative and inclusive environment that leverages all perspectives and expertise The Power of Difference Summit: Transforming the Way We Cultivate our Future Workforce. Black Professional Community members with Shawn Edwards, Bloomberg Chief Technology Officer Bloomberg Latino Community Dedicated to the recruitment and retention of Latino talent at Bloomberg. The Community also highlights Latino culture and the influence of Latinos around the world. Watch video: When the Bloomberg Latino Community Leads, Success Follows The Emergence of Latin American Art: A conversation featuring Lowery Stokes Sims, Museum of Art and Design. Moderated by Jose Enrique Arrioja, Editor-at-Large for Latin America. Bloomberg LGBT and Ally Community Committed to fostering a safe and comfortable environment for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender, employees and their allies. Watch video: Bloomberg Celebrates Pride Month 2016 The LGBT and Ally Community participate in Singapore’s Pink Dot Rally Bloomberg Military & Veterans Community For employees who have served or currently serve in the military, military families, and supporters who promote and maintain Bloomberg as a military-friendly work environment. Learn more about veterans at Bloomberg. Bloomberg Pan Asian Community Promotes cultural awareness and pride within the company, inspiring employees to expand Bloomberg’s footprint in the Asian professional business community. Bloomberg Women’s Community Connects and supports women at Bloomberg through awareness, relationship-building and career development. The Bloomberg Women in Technology group encourages women to be leaders in technology and focuses on supporting leadership development, recruitment and retention efforts within the company, as well as mentoring young women pursuing STEM educational and career paths. A Question From the Audience for the Bloomberg Presents Women in Journalism Panel Working Families Community The Working Families Community provides support and resources to employees who are balancing professional demands and family responsibilities. Partnerships We partner with external organizations that provide programs and thought leadership on improving the workplace such as: Unconscious Bias trainings with Future Work Institute Transitioning in the Workplace trainings with PFLAG Working in a Global Environment with CSW Associates Effective Interviewing and Hiring with The Dagoba Group New parents coaching with Talking Talent Best Practices in Working with People with Disabilities with Goodwill Establishing a Professional Presence with Upwardly Global From The Blog January 4, 2018 How to be an active ally in the workplace December 13, 2017 How Asia’s finance industry is leading the fight for LGBTIQ rights December 12, 2017 New research: Diversity + inclusion = Better decision making at work December 6, 2017 Why workplace diversity diminishes groupthink and how millennials are helping View All Diversity Blog Posts Start Here. Make Your Mark. search jobs Twitter LinkedIn Facebook © 2018 Bloomberg L.P. All rights Reserved | Privacy | Terms