House Aims to Pass Revised Surveillance Bill as Deadline Looms - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg House Aims to Pass Revised Surveillance Bill as Deadline Looms By Billy House @HouseInSession More stories by Billy House January 5, 2018, 7:25 PM EST Measure adds some limits on access to a vast database Opponents say the proposal fails to protect civil liberties House leaders intend to take another stab next week at advancing a long-term extension of a program for conducting foreign surveillance that is about to expire, but there are opponents on both sides of the aisle. A key issue has been demands by some lawmakers for more stringent limits on when officials can access Americans’ communications incidentally caught in the foreign surveillance. The Trump administration and the intelligence community want to preserve the program as is. Republicans on Friday released a revamped measure to make changes to Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Amendments Act, or FISA. The program allows the National Security Agency to intercept calls or emails from suspected foreign terrorists outside the U.S.  The House Rules Committee is scheduled to consider the measure on Wednesday, when it could be advanced to the House floor for a vote. The existing language was set to lapse at the end of 2017. However, party leaders’ efforts to address some of the demands for changes sputtered in December and the current version was temporarily extended through Jan. 19. The aim was to allow more time for negotiating, explaining the bill to members, and rounding up enough votes from both parties needed for passage. In fact, the proposed text released Friday remains largely reflective of an earlier version released by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, a California Republican.  It includes a requirement that the Federal Bureau of Investigation, in most potential criminal cases "unrelated to national security," seek a court order before viewing information about Americans’ communications in the program database. But there are various exceptions. Critics were quick to renew their complaints that the bill doesn’t go far enough to protect Americans from being spied upon. Representative Jerrold Nadler of New York, the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, said in a statement the measure is a "warmed-over version of a bill that has already been panned by companies, as well as the privacy and civil liberties community."  He called the new warrant requirement "a fig leaf for reform" and said it doesn’t address a "vast majority" of searches of information under the law. Nadler said he will oppose it, and his sentiment was supported by others who have concerns about the law. “We strongly oppose this legislation,” said Neema Singh Guliani, legislative counsel of the American Civil Liberties Union. “This bill is not reform by any stretch of the imagination. It leaves the door wide open to abusive surveillance practices that allow the government to search the intimate emails, text messages, and other sensitive data of Americans without a warrant of any kind." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help