Bloomberg Terminal | Bloomberg Professional Services Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Quick links Bloomberg Terminal Software Updates MiFID II Bloomberg Professional Services Solutions Buy Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Financial Advisor Portfolio Manager Quantitative Analyst Risk Technologists Buy Side Trader Sell Side Accounting and Finance Analyst App Developer Compliance Data and Operations Risk Sell Side Sales Technologists Sell Side Trader Corporations C-Suite Investor Relations Treasury Offerings Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Spotlight on Technology Family Offices Government Hedge Funds Private Equity Regulation Sustainable Finance Universities Insights Features Top Stories Brexit MiFID II Markets Commodities Derivatives Emerging Markets Equities Fixed Income Foreign Exchange Indices Trading / Investing Family Offices Hedge Funds Portfolio Management Private Equity Research and Analysis Sales and Trading Sustainable Investing Risk / Regulation Compliance Credit / Counterparty Risk Market Risk Operational Risk Pricing Regulation Data / Tech Ops Apps and Programming Data Governance Data Management Data Science Integration Corporations Corporate Treasury Investor Relations Support Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Enterprise Console Entity Exchange Request a demo Close Search Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo [bbg_form id="60955"] About the Company The Terminal Bloomberg Professional Services Order Now A global icon Sitting on the desks of 325,000 of the world’s most influential decision makers, the Bloomberg Terminal is a modern icon of financial markets. Launched in 1981, long before PCs and the internet became ubiquitous, the Bloomberg Terminal brought transparency to financial markets. It connected market participants to a groundbreaking data, analytics and information-delivery service — and revolutionized an industry. More than three decades on, the Bloomberg Terminal remains at the cutting edge of innovation, delivering fast access to indispensible news, data and trading tools from any internet-connected PC or mobile device — and helping its subscribers turn knowledge into action. We've got you covered. Portfolio Manager Analyst Buy Side Trader Technologists App Developer Compliance Investor Relations Treasury Risk C-Suite Data and Operations Unrivalled coverage The Bloomberg Terminal brings together real-time data on every market, breaking news, in-depth research, powerful analytics, communications tools and world-class execution capabilities — in one fully integrated solution. Markets Awareness, context and analysis make Bloomberg the primary source for those who need to know what’s happening now and what might happen next. The Bloomberg Terminal delivers unparalleled coverage of markets and securities with information across asset classes — from fixed income to equities, to foreign exchange, commodities and derivatives — integrated in one place and delivered in real time to your desktop or mobile device. Tools and charting We continually develop and apply cutting edge technologies to deliver best in class tools, such as custom desktop applications, portfolio monitors, market alerts and charting capabilities that optimize user workflow. Trading solutions We offer trading solutions across multiple asset classes and sophisticated pre- and post-trade analytics for both the buy side and sell side. News Up-to-the-minute access to the news that matters, that moves markets and that changes the course of a business can make all the difference. Our news is reported when it happens, from where it happens. With more than 2,700 news professionals in 120 countries, Bloomberg’s award-winning coverage of companies, markets, economies, politics and governments ensures that you get the information you need when you need it most. Research Bloomberg has a broad range of research offerings including direct access to sell-side and independent research from more than 1,500 sources, as well as proprietary, analyst-driven research that provides a comprehensive view of industries and their key constituents with unsurpassed depth and breadth at the sector, industry and company levels. How we help our clients Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook A market leading experience Build your network Your Bloomberg Terminal account gives you immediate membership to a community of more than 320,000 of the world’s most influential decision makers. We connect you with a powerful network spanning finance, business and government professionals — whether you are generating ideas, conducting research or finding trading partners, it gives you an edge. Real service from real people Our industry-leading customer service teams, available 24/7 in 160 countries, will help you fully leverage the deep information, analytics, data and trading capabilities on the Bloomberg Terminal. Call or message Bloomberg customer support, and you will be in touch with a live person instantly. Information on the go Experience the power of the Bloomberg Terminal anytime and anywhere on your mobile device as well as any internet-ready laptop or PC with Bloomberg Anywhere®. Keyboard and monitors The original, dedicated Bloomberg Terminal hardware has long since been replaced by a software-based solution that runs on any standard PC. To enhance your experience Bloomberg provides a specialized keyboard with each license, which uses color-coded keys to more effectively execute common actions. You may also elect to have a Bloomberg flat-panel monitor: versatile, ergonomic and high-quality displays with two independent screen panels attached to a space-saving frame. You can configure any number of monitors to expand your view of the Bloomberg Terminal to best suit your needs. Biometric authentication Bloomberg enables you to log in to the Terminal securely from wherever you are with fingerprint identification. Authentication is carried out using a biometric scanner embedded in the Bloomberg keyboard or in a credit-card sized device known as the B-Unit, which allows you to access your account from any location using Bloomberg Anywhere on a PC or mobile device. More keyboard history A look back: The Bloomberg Keyboard Smithsonian’s “American Enterprise” explores business history What we offer. Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution ON THIS PAGE Global icon Coverage Features Insights Sending... Contact Americas +1 212 318 2000 EMEA +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Customer Support Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information B-Unit Setup API Library Documentation FAQ Client Access Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Vault Entity Exchange Bloomberg LEI Regions Brazil China India Japan Korea Latin America Bloomberg Professional Services connect decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. Request a demo Get insights delivered to your inbox Email SUBMIT Sending... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS © 2018 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms Tradebook Compliance Company Press Careers