White House Demands for Immigration Bill Rejected by Democrats - Bloomberg Bloomberg the Company & Its Products Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login Bloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Products and Account Information Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Tax Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Environment Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Apps Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Television News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Fixed Income ETFs Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing Road to Brexit: The Heartlands Where a Good Deal Matters Most Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts How the House and Senate Tax Bills Stack Up Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Latest Issue Debrief Podcast Subscribe More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Send Tips Sign In Sign In Subscribe White House Demands for Immigration Bill Rejected by Democrats By Laura Litvan @LauraLitvan More stories by Laura Litvan January 5, 2018, 6:31 PM EST A prototype U.S.-Mexico border wall. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Democrats rejected a Trump administration proposal for $18 billion over 10 years for a wall at the U.S.-Mexico border, including 722 miles of new and replacement barriers, the latest development in a political battle that could lead to a government shutdown. Senators from both parties had sought input from the administration on its border-security goals to help advance weeks-long talks that seek to produce a measure that could move through the chamber this month. The White House proposal includes $8.5 billion for interior enforcement and “mission readiness” and $5.7 billion for technology. Democrats in both chambers rejected the plan on Friday, which came the same day the White House also sent lawmakers a broader set of ideas that were drafted by White House aide Stephen Miller, a hardliner on immigration policy. That proposal was the same as a plan issued in October and included a border wall, sanctions on “sanctuary cities” that don’t cooperate with federal immigration law enforcement, closing “loopholes” in asylum law and 10,000 new immigration enforcement agents. Republicans and Democrats are seeking compromise legislation that bolsters border security and includes deportation protections for 800,000 young immigrants known as “dreamers,” who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. Democrats are demanding the deal be included in a spending bill that must pass by Jan. 19 to keep the government open. Senator Richard Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Democratic leader, said the administration proposal represents a hard-line approach that could prevent agreement on the spending measure and lead to a government shutdown. “President Trump has said he may need a good government shutdown to get his wall,” Durbin said in a statement. “With this demand, he seems to be heading in that direction.” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California sent a letter about the $18 billion border wall request to all House Democrats on Friday. “This is alarming,” she wrote. “We must all speak out.” The White House did not have an immediate comment on the decision to send the old wish list to lawmakers and instead pointed to a statement from earlier this week. In it, White House spokesman Hogan Gidley that said the administration seeks “critical reforms” to secure the border, including a wall, ending family-based migration and canceling a diversity visa lottery program. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch with our reporters. Most Read Apple Says All Macs, iPhones and iPads Exposed to Chip Security Flaws Uber Co-Founder Travis Kalanick Plans to Sell 29% of Stake Ripple Slides After Coinbase Says Not Adding New Crypto Coins London Luxury Home at ‘Unbelievable’ Discount Shows Price Falls It Was the Best Week for Stocks in a Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help